Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I'm audible, can you please confirm in the chat if you can hear me then?
Sunny Savita: Let's begin, let's start with the session. Just give me a moment, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: Guys, can you see my Zoom screen? If my Zoom screen is visible, please let me know.
Sunny Savita: Great, perfect. So let's start, let's begin.
Sunny Savita: And, yeah, today I think it's going to be our third class, regarding this encoding and embedding.
Sunny Savita: So, first, let me give you the brief, from the previous classes, from the past classes.
Sunny Savita: And, then, guys, we'll start with today's session.
Sunny Savita: Can you see me, right? Am I visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, let's begin, let's start. Now, in today's class, guys, we'll continue our discussion about the encoding. So, I think in the previous class, I discussed about the, Banote encoding, I discussed about the bag of words.
Sunny Savita: I've shown you the practical example and all, correct? And, now in today's class, guys, we'll mainly focus over the bag of word, sorry, over the TF IDF, and then we'll discuss about the word to bag, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, I hope I am audible to all of you. Someone is saying, sir, I cannot hear you.
Sunny Savita: My voice is clear, my voice is perfect.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, how's your Sunday? It's doing, it's going well, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes, syndicobi class, huh?
Sunny Savita: Hmm. Okay.
Sunny Savita: No worries, guys. So… suppose someone is not able to, like, willing to join this live class.
Sunny Savita: you can go for the recording, right? So, live classes, live class recording is also available. So, we are uploading, I think, within, within a day itself, okay? So, how many of you are new? Did you join the first time? Can you please raise the hand?
Sunny Savita: If this is your first class, then can you please raise the hand?
Sunny Savita: I just wanted to check the number.
Sunny Savita: There is an option, right? You can raise the hand. There is an option to raise a hand.
Sunny Savita: So if you join this session first time, then please raise the hand.
Sunny Savita: Sir, I'm unable to start the recording. Why you are starting recording, huh? We'll provide you the recording now.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so there is, 15, 20 new members. So guys, what you can do, you can check out with the dashboard. Over there, I think, you will find out all the recording and all everything.
Sunny Savita: So let me give you, like,
Sunny Savita: Let me show you where you will get that, okay?
Sunny Savita: Guys, just 2 minutes, right?
Sunny Savita: So, once you will go through with the KrishnanAcademy.com na.
Sunny Savita: So, after that, guys, inside the course section, you will get your codes. Now, just click on that. After clicking on that, guys, you will get this type of interface, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, just check out the live class section. So, this is the live class section, and this is the prerequisite. So, you can check out with the induction session everything we have covered inside the induction session, okay? Your every doubt will be clarified regarding this platform. Now, this is a prerequisite, guys. This is important. Please complete all the prerequisite.
Sunny Savita: So that you can understand the concept in a better way. Got it? Now, all the resources and all everything will be available under the resource section, so once you will check out the resource section, guys.
Sunny Savita: Under this resource section, you will get your… all the resources. Got it? Great.
Sunny Savita: Now guys, let's begin, let's start. So, can we start with the TF IDF now?
Sunny Savita: How many of you joined my previous class?
Sunny Savita: If you have joined my previous class, I think you can understand this class in a better way. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I'm going to be, I will give you the recap of the previous class, then only we'll start with today's session.
Sunny Savita: So, many of you, I think you joined the previous session. I can see in the chat, you are writing, sir, yes, I have joined. If someone has, haven't joined, then you can check out with the recording, okay? Now, guys, see, if you are asking a question inside the chat, right? Let's suppose it is not being answered in the live class.
Sunny Savita: don't panic, because after the live class, we have a doubt session. There, you can connect with me, right? Now, in the back end, guys, Yash is there, Divesh is there, so both mentors are there. You can ping your doubt in the chat.
Sunny Savita: So, most probably, they will answer you. But guys, in that case also, some of the questions might be missed.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Some of the questions might get missed, so don't panic, don't worry, your doubt will be clarified anyhow. If it is not getting clarified inside the chat, you can discuss us in a live mode, you can ask in a group community chat, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, in any way, your doubts will be clarified.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Yes or no? So don't be panic about your doubts and all.
Sunny Savita: Understood.
Sunny Savita: Yup.
Sunny Savita: So, will you teach the Ngram? No, we'll not focus. Because, see, guys, these topics, basically, we just have to be, like, take a basic understanding of it, because the main topic is going to be the fine-tuning, RAG agents, MCP, guardrails, end-to-end project, right?
Sunny Savita: So, as a gen AI engineer, we have to focus more on that side. We are going to be struck the core NLP part, again, that, then guys, this course will take, I think, 9 to 10 months.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Santos, we'll switch to the topic, okay? Don't worry.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Okay. So, let's do one thing, let's start with the topic, okay? Now, first, what I'll do, guys, I'll give you the quick recap, from the previous session, from the previous class, and then, basically, we'll come to the… today's topic.
Sunny Savita: So this is the, this is the notes from the previous session only. You can go and check with the GitHub. It is already there over… it is already there inside the GitHub. I already uploaded all my notes and all everything, okay? So, guys, in the previous class, basically, I was, talking about…
Sunny Savita: One hot encoding.
Sunny Savita: And I discuss about bag of words.
Sunny Savita: So, I think this two topics is clear to all of you. Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: You understood how to create bag of words and how to create this one hot encoded vector?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Now guys, if we're talking about the one-hot encoding, so we are going to represent our data into 0 and 1s, okay?
Sunny Savita: into 0 and 1s.
Sunny Savita: So it is just checking the presence of the data.
Sunny Savita: What it is doing.
Sunny Savita: We're just checking the presence.
Sunny Savita: of the… Data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? 0 means that word is present, 1 means word is not present. Okay? Now, we're talking about the bag of words, guys, so it is a count-based mechanism.
Sunny Savita: Right? It is a count-based mechanism, or it is a frequency-based mechanism.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, what we are going to do, we are going to discuss about the TF IDF. So, this is going to be a new technique.
Sunny Savita: DF?
Sunny Savita: and IDF.
Sunny Savita: So the full form of the TF IDF is going to be term frequency and the invoice document frequency.
Sunny Savita: So here, what we are going to do, so we are going to be, use some mathematical formulas and all. Using that, we are checking the count of the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We are going to be checking the count of the data. Sorry, we are going to be, like, check the count of the term of the word. Along with that, we are checking the importance of the word as well.
Sunny Savita: Importance of the world.
Sunny Savita: So this is the core idea behind the… TF ITF.
Sunny Savita: So, are you ready for this new technique now?
Sunny Savita: This one?
Sunny Savita: Yes, great. So, guys, I already prepared all the notes, regarding this TF IDF. It's a very neat and clean, basically, notes, okay? So, using this particular notes only, I'm going to explain you this one. Now, apart from this one, guys, let me show you the practical also. So, here, you can see…
Sunny Savita: And this is the practical. Okay, so this one, I think we have discussed in the previous session. You can check out, with the GitHub guys, I already capped all the resources and all everything inside the GitHub only. So, this is all the practical and all, everything. So, in the previous class, we have discussed still TFIDF, okay?
Sunny Savita: No guys, let me write the TF IDF, and along with the TF IDF, we are going to talk about the bag of words as well, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, TFIDF Practical.
Sunny Savita: And we'll discuss about the classical word embedding. So what we'll do, guys, so over here, inside this particular file.
Sunny Savita: Let me rename this file.
Sunny Savita: Now what I'll do, guys, I'll discuss.
Sunny Savita: Classical.
Sunny Savita: Word.
Sunny Savita: embedding, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, these two things we are going to discuss in today's class. I hope the agenda is clear, the agenda is clear to all of you. Let me write this name clearly.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: So, classical word embedding, as well as, will focus over the encoding. If time will permit, then I will focus over the SOTA method, S-O-T-S, state-of-art method.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, using the different, different state-of-art model, whether it's an open source model or closed-source model, we are going to generate the embedding, right? Now, guys, I have a little problem in my throat, right? So, little cough and cold, so I will speak a little slowly. Understood?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so don't be mine, actually, and I will go, like, little slowly, slowly, slowly.
Sunny Savita: Good.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, see, we are going to discuss about the term frequency and the inverse document frequency. So, now, guys, what is our, like, meaning of it? I will understand about it.
Sunny Savita: Which formula we are going to be, like, use, or we'll discuss about it. And here is a complete table, okay? So we'll discuss how this thing is going to be worked.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about, the term frequency in the inverse document frequency, right, DFIDF. So, the aim of this, technique is the same one. So, we have a data, guys.
Sunny Savita: Right? We have a data. Now, this particular data, we are going to convert
Sunny Savita: Okay, this particular data, we are going to convert into the vectors.
Sunny Savita: We are going to convert into the…
Sunny Savita: vector, okay? Now, over here, guys, this vector is nothing, it is a numbers only.
Sunny Savita: So, to represent our data into the numbers, into the vectors, okay, we are going to use this TFIDF technique. Now, this TF-IDF technique, actually, it was invented by the Google.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this TF-IDF technique, basically, it was invented by the Google.
Sunny Savita: And… Before the neural network, right?
Sunny Savita: before the era of the neural network, this TF-IDF technique actually, right, before the neural network, this TF-IDF technique, actually.
Sunny Savita: It was… ruling.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: It was very good technique.
Sunny Savita: And even in the industry, right.
Sunny Savita: Even in the industry, sorry, even in the interviews, Whenever you are giving interviews.
Sunny Savita: So, they might ask you this particular…
Sunny Savita: They might ask you this particular technique, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is also a very famous interview question. I given interviews, even the Gen AI interview, so they discuss about the TF, IDF, what to back sometimes, they discuss about the latest embedding technique, okay, which is a transformer-based technique, so that I will discuss, maybe, in today's session.
Sunny Savita: Or, if we are not able to discuss, then we'll discuss in the next class. Because anyhow, we are going to start this transformer chapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, yes, automatically you will get that embedding part also. How the embedding is being performed using this transformer-based architecture. Understood, guys? Yes or no? Is it clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: I will share that, classical, file, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, what we are going to do, we are going to be convert the data inside the number. So, what all the steps we need to follow if we are going to use this TF IDF? So, first, guys, we are going to, we are having some data, right? So, I capped some dummy data over here. So, this is my first sentence, people watch cricket.
Sunny Savita: Cricket, watch cricket, people give comment, cricket give command, okay? Data could be anything, right? Data could be anything. Data could come from any sort of a source, right? Data can, data can, data can come, basically, from any sort of a source, right? So data could be anything.
Sunny Savita: Get my point, guys. Now, over here, just to explain you this thing in a simplest way, I took the dummy data.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, after the class, what I will do, I will give you the assignment.
Sunny Savita: I will give you the assignment where, basically, I kept the real-time data, okay?
Sunny Savita: Where basically we are going to be solved this particular assignment using the real-time data. Understood?
Sunny Savita: Is, is this thing clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great, perfect. So, over here, guys, you can see what we are going to do. We are going to be convert this data into the numbers, okay? So, the first and the foremost thing, what I will do, will convert this data into the vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: In all the techniques, so whether we are talking about the Bernard encoding.
Sunny Savita: Whether we are talking about the 1-0 encoding, or we are talking about the… Word to back.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Or we're talking about the bag of warts.
Sunny Savita: TF IDF.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And all this technique, guys, this vocabulary plays a very important role.
Sunny Savita: So, in every technique, basically, what you will have to do, you will have to create a vocabulary. Now, what is the meaning of the vocabulary, guys? Can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: So the vocabulary is nothing, it is a… unique, tokens.
Sunny Savita: in the data.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? What is the meaning of the vocabulary? Unique words, or unique tokens inside the data. Either you can say words, or you can say
Sunny Savita: tokens.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Great. So, it is a set of words. In another way, I can say it is a set of words.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this is the first thing. This is a very important step.
Sunny Savita: This is a very important step. Now, after that, guys, what we have to do, so we have to convert our numbers, our data, into where
Sunny Savita: We have to convert our numbers, our data, into the… sorry, we have to convert our data into the numbers. So, we have this formula. Just focus on this formula, guys. This formula is a very important one, okay? So, I'm going to write this formula over here. I think it is visible to all of you. Is this visible?
Sunny Savita: this particular formula. So, using this formula only, we are going to be convert our data into the numbers, okay? So, let me make it bold so that you will clearly understand it.
Sunny Savita: So, what is the meaning of TF, guys? So, TF is nothing. TF means term frequency, okay? Just focus over here, guys, for 2 more minutes. Each and every concept is going to be clear. Now, what is the meaning of the TF, guys? So, TF, basically.
Sunny Savita: Tier, basically, is what?
Sunny Savita: term frequency.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, how to check out the term frequency? So, we are going to be check out the term frequency using this particular formula. So, we are checking the occurrence of the word in the given sentence.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: And we are checking the total words in the given sentence. So, let me give you the example. If I'm going to write… if I'm going to write…
Sunny Savita: my name… is… Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Okay, my name is Sunny, and Sunny… Teach… AI.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Now, first, what I will do, guys, I'll check the term frequency. So, I wanted to check the term frequency of this particular term, sunny.
Sunny Savita: So how many times is sunny coming inside this particular sentence? Can anyone tell me? It's coming? Two times. Okay. And how many total tokens, total words we have over here? 1.
Sunny Savita: 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, okay? So, 2 by 7. So, what is the term frequency of the sunny? Can anyone tell me what is the term frequency of the sunny?
Sunny Savita: The term frequency of the Sunday is going to be 2 by 7.
Sunny Savita: Right? If you wanted to clean this data, you can use the stop word… stop… sorry, if you want to clean this particular data, you can use the several techniques of the text pre-processing. That is fine.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Right? Now, here, guys, IDF. So inside the IDF,
Sunny Savita: Basically, what we do, so instead of the IDF, so this is going to be, like, little, basically, what I can say, complicated, okay, compared to this one. Term frequency is very easy, very straightforward, okay? Even… this is also easy, let's understand what it is saying.
Sunny Savita: So, we are going to be check the, term for this IDF. So, IDF means was… IDF means inverse.
Sunny Savita: document.
Sunny Savita: frequency.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, what is the formula of this one? So, the formula is very, very simple, log.
Sunny Savita: Total number of sentence, okay, total number of sentence, let's say if I'm writing it with a D, okay, total number of document.
Sunny Savita: And then, number of sentence containing that word, okay? Number of sentence containing that word, okay? So, word, I am representing with a W. So, let's understand what it is saying.
Sunny Savita: So, over here, guys, I'm going to be right 2 sentences, or let's say 3 sentences, okay? So the first sentence is going to be, I…
Sunny Savita: No.
Sunny Savita: ml.
Sunny Savita: Then I'm writing I… low.
Sunny Savita: DL.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And then I'm writing I… like… Jenai.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Now, what I wanted to do, guys, I want to check the IDF, I wanted to check the IDF of this love.
Sunny Savita: I wanted to check the IDF of this law. Now, tell me, guys, how many total sentences we have? Can anyone tell me how many total sentences we have? So, we have 3 sentences total.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: 3 sentences total, so 3. Now, tell me, guys, love, in how many sentences this love is coming?
Sunny Savita: In how many sentences, this love is coming. So, love is coming in, How many sentences?
Sunny Savita: 2 sentences, okay? So, 3 by 2.
Sunny Savita: So, this is what, guys? This is the IDF. This is the IDF. So, likewise, we calculate the IDF. Now, did you understand how to calculate the TF, and how to calculate the IDF? Is it getting clear to all of you? So, can we go ahead with our table, and can we create the vectors now?
Sunny Savita: I'm asking to everyone, guys, can we create our vectors with respect to our data?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Everyone is able to understand, and everyone is able to get it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. So what we are doing, guys, now, so let's understand. So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be copy this document now, and I'll keep it over there, okay? So that we can…
Sunny Savita: create, right? Now, why I'm keeping this type of data? So that you can understand, so that you can understand the concept in a well manner, okay? And then you can apply it on any sort of a data. Practically, basically, we can do it on any sort of a data, no?
Sunny Savita: But guys, for explanation, we required this type of dummy data, okay? Getting my point? Great. So, over here, guys, what I'm going to do, I'm going to keep the sentences. This is the sentence. This particular sentence, I'm going to be converted into where, into the vectors, using the TFITF.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so just see these sentences. I hope it is visible to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: What is the thought process behind this formula? Mayankaji will come to that, na?
Sunny Savita: Should I skip this part, Mayank, and should I jump to that one? See, here I return all the things, this one. IDF.
Sunny Savita: So, please wait, guys. Please wait, let me complete the concept, then you can ask your concept, okay, sorry, questions, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, over here, guys, we are going to be convert… we are going to be convert what? We are going to be convert this particular data into what? Into the TFID, a vector, okay? So, using this, see, this is a simple table, and you can see the complete calculation is over here, right? So, first, let's try to create a vocabulary out of this particular data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We have already created a vocabulary. Let me write over here. So, the what is a vocabulary, guys? The vocabulary is comment, cricket, give people watch. So, I can write over here one more time.
Sunny Savita: So the vocabulary is going to be command.
Sunny Savita: Cricket.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Comment, cricket, then what is there?
Sunny Savita: Give people watch, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, comment, cricket, then give.
Sunny Savita: than people.
Sunny Savita: Then, watch, okay? I think it is already there, this one. See this one, guys, right? So, this is the vocabulary. Now, over here, tell me, guys, first, let's try to calculate the term frequency.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Term frequency. So now tell me, guys, this comment. Okay, what is the term frequency of this comment inside the first sentence? What is the term frequency of this comment?
Sunny Savita: What is vocabury exactly? It is a unique word from the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So what is a term frequency? What is the term frequency of this particular word? This comment, guys? The term frequency is going to be what? The term frequency is going to be zero, because comment is not there, no? Comment is not there.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So the term frequency is going to be what? 0 by 3. So 0 by 3 means what? 0 only. Okay, and then we are not going to be calculating the IDF also, so overall value will become 0. So, did you understand, guys, how we got this zero?
Sunny Savita: How we got this zero? Did you understand this one? Okay. Now, cricket, guys, let's try to check out the frequency of the cricket, term frequency of the cricket. Now, how many times this cricket is coming inside the first sentence? So, cricket is coming one time. So, 1…
Sunny Savita: Now, how many words we have inside this particular sentence? We have 1, we have 2, we have 3 words. So, 1 by 3. Is it clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. Now, let's check with the IDF value. So, this is the IDF. So, this is TF value, and this is IDF value, okay? So, let's check out with the IDF value. So, what is the IDF? Log.
Sunny Savita: log, okay? Then, guys, what I'm going to be doing, so here is the total number of sentences. So, how many total number of sentences there? 1.
Sunny Savita: 2… 3… 4… okay. Now, tell me, guys, in how many sentences we have this cricket?
Sunny Savita: How many sentences we have this crooked?
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss why log came, okay? We'll discuss that. In how many sentences were… this is coming, this cricket? In 3 sentences.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? So how this value is coming, is it clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. Now, over here, let's check with a give. So, give is present in the first document.
Sunny Savita: Give us present in the first document? No. So, it is going to be 0. It's going to be what? It's going to be zero. Pupil, guys, let's check out with the pupil, okay? So, 1 by 3, 1 by 3 means pupil is coming one time.
Sunny Savita: And we have 3 words total. This is the term frequency, okay? Now let's check out with the inverse document frequency, the idea value.
Sunny Savita: So, over here, guys, you can see log. How many total sentences we have? Four sentences. In how many sentences this pupil is coming? Two times, okay? So, 4 by 2. Is it clear to everyone, guys? This is clear to everyone? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, yes. Now, over here, guys, watch. So, watch is coming in how many times? One time. 1 divided by 3. Multiply. Okay, so this is TF value, this is IDF value.
Sunny Savita: Now, how many times watch is coming? So, 2 time watches coming under the 4, okay? Inside the 4 document, 2 times this watch is coming.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Is it getting clear to all of you how this thing is coming? Now, will you be able to understand this also? This also? This also? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Very, very clear to all of you.
Sunny Savita: So, this is nothing. This is a TF.
Sunny Savita: IDF, okay? So let me write, let me write the final vector.
Sunny Savita: Let me write the final vector. So how to represent this vector, guys? So log 4 by 3 is around 0.2. You can calculate this value, okay? And log 4 by 2, basically, it's going to be 2. So, log 2, basically, it's going to be 0.69, right? So, after the complete calculation, we are getting this particular vector. So, how we can represent the D1, guys? So, we can represent the D1 like this.
Sunny Savita: 0.096, okay, let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: So, I can write the complete… I can write the complete one.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So how we can represent the D1, guys? So I can represent the D1 like this, 0.096. Then we have a 0, then 0.
Sunny Savita: 231, then 0.231. This is the first vector, okay? So how we are representing D1 into the numbers? Like this. Then, this is the D2, guys. D2 is 0.
Sunny Savita: Then 0.191, then 0, then 0, then 0.231.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Then this is my third one. So 2… sorry. So here, what I will do, I will write 0.
Sunny Savita: 231, then 0, 0.231, 0.231, then 0. Okay, this is the third vector. And here is my fourth vector.
Sunny Savita: 0.231.
Sunny Savita: 0.096, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then, it's going to be 0.231. Okay, let me write over here, 231.
Sunny Savita: Then here, 0 and 0. Now, did you understand how this TFID vector has been created?
Sunny Savita: Term frequency and invoice document frequency vector have been created.
Sunny Savita: I wanted to know how many people are able to understand this. Now we'll discuss, okay? Now we'll discuss some conceptual thing about the TF IDF.
Sunny Savita: I kept each and every concept, guys, why IDF is there, white TF is there, why log is there, okay? And then, guys, will understand about the pros and cons, everything we are going to discuss over here.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Great.
Sunny Savita: How 4x2 for people, didn't understand, sir, for the D1? 4x2 means what? 4 means what? 4 means total number of sentence.
Sunny Savita: This one, total number of sentence. 2 means in how many sentences this pupil is coming. So, pupil is coming in the 2 sentence only, now, in D1 and D3.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Cricket full time appear with respect to IDF. Cricket, cricket…
Sunny Savita: 3, in 3 sentences. Now, in D3, we don't have that. Raju, please check now. I will provide you those notes, you can check out, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yes, correct. TF is a single sentence level, and IDF is an all-sentence level. Now, first of all, tell me, guys, I hope this thing is clear. Now, what we will do…
Sunny Savita: Hi, Sunny Sir, why we need vocabulary? Can you please explain again? Yes, I can explain you, because…
Sunny Savita: We have a data.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: we have our data. Now, what kind of data we are going to be converting to the numbers? Can you tell me, guys?
Sunny Savita: Text.
Sunny Savita: Text data, what kind of data we are going to be converting to the numbers? Text data. Now, guys, can you tell me… now, guys, can you tell me… yes, this is a representation of the poor document, is it correct? Now, guys, tell me, this text data is a structured data or is it unstructured data?
Sunny Savita: unstructured data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Unstructured data. Now, guys, here what I'm going to be right… see, here I'm going to be right.
Sunny Savita: I… love… India.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Here, I'm going to be writing, let's say, I… Love… generative.
Sunny Savita: AI?
Sunny Savita: with DL.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now here I'm writing, I hate… 2… Programming.
Sunny Savita: In a manual way, okay?
Sunny Savita: In manual way.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, over here, tell me, this is the data, and this particular data, I have to convert into the numbers. Now, the sentence length are the different one over here.
Sunny Savita: Sentence length are the different one. So, if I'm going to be create, if I'm going to be create vector of any sort of a sentence, right? So, over here, you can see the sentence length is a different one.
Sunny Savita: Right? So the dimension, basically, dimension of data is going to be different.
Sunny Savita: If I'm thinking on the sentence level, if I'm thinking on the paragraph level, or any corpus level, so over there, the dimension of the sentence is going to be different. So what is… what could be the common ways? So, inside this particular data.
Sunny Savita: What is the main one? Main thing? So this words, actually, this vocabulary is a main one, right?
Sunny Savita: These tokens, actually, these words, vocabulary, are the main one, the main culprit, right? So what we'll do, guys, we'll create the
Sunny Savita: will create a dictionary, we'll create a set of numbers with the unique words, okay, with the unique words from the data, right? And that is only going to be my dimension of the data.
Sunny Savita: Now, behalf on this vocabulary only, I'm going to be convert… now, behaf on this vocabulary only, now, behaf on this vocabulary only, I'm going to be convert my data, I'm going to be convert my sentences into the number. So, inside the early stage, inside the early stage technique, whether the technique, basically, TF, IDF,
Sunny Savita: Whether the technique is a one-hot encoding, okay, or it's a word or two back. In any sort of a technique, guys, we are creating the vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: So, I hope this concept is clear why we were creating a vocabulary. So, vocabulary is representing this data, vocabulary is representing this particular data, okay? And it's deciding the uniform dimension of the data, sorry, it is deciding the uniform dimension of the vector.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And on behalf of this particular vocabulary, we are going to be create a vector. So if you will check out, with all the methods so far.
Sunny Savita: So, we are getting a vocabulary out of the data, okay? Out of the entire data. Now, this, vocabulary, basically, yes, it will be in alphabetical order, so you can keep it in a alphabetical order for the better understanding, okay?
Sunny Savita: Alphabetical order.
Sunny Savita: Making sense? How's the, like, how's the concept so far? I hope everyone is able to cope up with this entire thing. Now, let's understand a couple of things regarding the term frequency and the document frequency, okay? Inverse document frequency.
Sunny Savita: Now, first of all, tell me, guys, still here, everyone is comfortable.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Krish, it is right.
Sunny Savita: What if people occurs twice in a sentence? In the vocabulary, it will be only once.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yes, great.
Sunny Savita: So I think, most of the people are able to get it.
Sunny Savita: Please repeat the concept. Nagaji…
Sunny Savita: please ask me in doubt session, okay, if you are not able to understand anything. Let's not repeat again, because, I think, it's not very typical, okay? So, you can ask me in a doubt session, whatever thing you are not able to get.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Great.
Sunny Savita: So, let's understand, the next one.
Sunny Savita: Yes, vocabulary is a case sensitive, okay? And now, guys, don't, much, think about the vocabulary and all. Means, whatever I told, it is like that only. So don't be overthink. Sir, it is a case sensitive, it is alphabetical order, it is in a lowercase, or what? Okay, vocabulary is a vocabulary, simple.
Sunny Savita: But yeah, it is a case sensitive. You can make it the case sensitive, right? Great. So, guys, now let's understand the concept. So, the first thing is going to be term frequency, okay? So, here I mentioned about that, and let's see. So, why term frequency? Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, here I mentioned, because, more occurrence. Okay, more occurrence, what it is showing, more occurrence is showing the more importance in the document.
Sunny Savita: So, over here, if I'm going to be right, let's understand with the example, okay? So, let's say inside one sentence, if I'm writing.
Sunny Savita: AI.
Sunny Savita: is… Booming.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: AI is… Future.
Sunny Savita: EIE?
Sunny Savita: Is?
Sunny Savita: danger.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, tell me, guys, which word is dominating the sentence?
Sunny Savita: Which word is dominating the sentence? AI is dominating the sentence,
Sunny Savita: Can we prove this thing mathematically?
Sunny Savita: Can we prove this thing mathematically? Yes, we can do… we can prove this thing mathematically. How we can do it?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: how we can do it. We can calculate the term frequency.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now how to calculate the term frequency? AI is coming 3 times. Now, how many words are there? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
Sunny Savita: 9, right? So, what I will do, this is going to be a value.
Sunny Savita: 1 by Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, likewise also, guys, what we can do, we can check. So, term frequency is easy. Term frequency is just checking the occurrence of the word, and it is checking if the occurrence is high, means the word is an important one inside the document. Is it clear? The term frequency is clear?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I just returned this calculation verbally, guys, you can make it more accurate, just, by removing something and all, okay? That's it. Great. So, over here, yes, this is not a vocabulary, actually, this is not sentence level I'm checking. Okay, on a sentence level, I'm checking.
Sunny Savita: Vocabulary would be there, na?
Sunny Savita: Vocabulary would be there. Understand the process. First, there would be a data, then there would be a vocabulary, okay? This is not a vocabulary, guys, this is a document, this is a sentence, actually.
Sunny Savita: This is the sentence.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, yes or no? Okay, let me do it. If you're not getting, just solve it.
Sunny Savita: Because… Confusiony, confusion here. Solution, coach, Milani. So, let's do one thing.
Sunny Savita: Let's, write it again. Here, I'm going to be right.
Sunny Savita: EI?
Sunny Savita: is… Important.
Sunny Savita: AI is… Future.
Sunny Savita: Okay? AI is… Dangerous, right?
Sunny Savita: So, I return over here, AI is dangerous. Now, what I'm going to do here…
Sunny Savita: So first, I wanted to con… see, I wanted to convert this particular document into where? Into the TF idea vector. So what is going to be my first thing? So first, guys, I'm going to create a vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: Let's create a vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: So, in the vocabulary, I am having AI.
Sunny Savita: then A's, then IMP, Okay? Then, what I have, guys, I have AIAs is their future.
Sunny Savita: Right? Then, dangerous. So this is going to be my vocabulary, so it will decide the dimension of my data, yes or no? Tell me, guys. So, here is the AI.
Sunny Savita: This is A's, this is IMP, this is Future.
Sunny Savita: And this is… Dangerous, okay? Now, tell me, guys, here is my document.
Sunny Savita: document.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me what is the term frequency of this AI? Term frequency of this AI? How many time AI is coming over here? How many time AI is coming?
Sunny Savita: 3 times. Total word? 9. 3, 1, 1 by 3. 1 by 3 total likata, right? 0.333.
Sunny Savita: Now, is it clear? Hmm?
Sunny Savita: Now, is it clear?
Sunny Savita: This norm frequency is clear. I written the same thing, correct, everyone?
Sunny Savita: Hmm, TF is clear now. Great. So, over here, guys, what we are going to do, we are going to be check out with the IDF. Why IDF? What is the intention behind the IDF? Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now someone is asking, why 9? 9 is, yeah, because here, basically, we have 9 total words inside the sentence. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. 9 total words. So what is the formula of the term frequency?
Sunny Savita: AI, how many times it is coming, and total words. So, likewise, we can calculate the term frequency. And we can calculate the other words also. It means we can calculate the term frequency of the other words, okay? So, check out, check out with the previous example. After the session, again, you can revise that, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, what is the meaning of the IDF? So, IDF, basically, it is, IDF means what? Inverse Document Frequency, okay? It is because the common words are not useful.
Sunny Savita: Right? And IDF is mainly focused on that side.
Sunny Savita: IDF is mainly focused on that side, okay? This one.
Sunny Savita: Over here, you can see. Now, why we are going to be multiplying this TF and the IDF? Because TF is showing the importance in the document.
Sunny Savita: And IDF is showing importance inside the entire corpus.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so there is two uses of the idea. First, basically, it is not, like, putting too much importance to the common word, which is, like, not necessary inside the data. And second thing, basically, it is checking the word importance inside the entire corpus.
Sunny Savita: So, there is a two thing of the idea. The two main, basically, the two main uses of the idea, okay? I hope it is clear. Now, while log should be there, while log is there, so guys, without log, what is happening, guys, without log, actually, the value is… the value could be extreme.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Without log, the value could be a stream. Now, what this log is doing, so log keeping everything in a…
Sunny Savita: range, actually, okay? In a small range. So, let's say if I'm going to be right over here, 0, 50, then 500, then I'm going to write 1000, then I'm writing over here, 10,000. Now, tell me, guys, what is the range of this data?
Sunny Savita: What is the range of this data? The range of the data, basically, is going to be 0 to…
Sunny Savita: 1000. Okay. Now, if I'm going to apply the log over here, so the length of this particular data, this length, basically, it's going to be suppressed.
Sunny Savita: the length of the data, basically, is going to be suppressed. I don't know about the thousand… the log of the thousand, right? You can check out, but the log… the length, basically, it's going to be suppressed, okay? Let me check out the log of the thousand. I will write the actual value. So… here, just a second, I'm just checking.
Sunny Savita: Sir, please tell is also has some frequency, so why not has same importance? Yeah, it will be having a same importance, huh?
Sunny Savita: Ace is also having the same one, so I can write over here, 3 by 9, okay? So, guys, this was just an example, means I've shown you the term frequency. I already solved this entire thing, na? Over here, you can take a reference of it, na? Getting my point. Tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes? So why we use log? We use the log for the normalization, to keep the data into that range. Okay, so I'm checking the log of the thousand, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Block of 10,000.
Sunny Savita: So, the lock of the 10,000 is going to be,
Sunny Savita: It's… with base 10, actually, it's going to be around 10, okay?
Sunny Savita: And with the base E, it's going to be around 9.21, so I'm taking 9.21. Now, guys, just see the value over here. If I'm checking the log, log of this 1000, okay, log of the 0 is going to be 0 only.
Sunny Savita: The log of the thousand, basically, is going to be what? The log of the thousand, sorry, 10,000.
Sunny Savita: is going to be around 9.21, okay? So the range will become 9… 0… Sorry, the range will become what? The range will become 9.21, okay? Now, guys, earlier, earlier, basically, the range was 0 to 10,000,
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, you can see the range, basically, 0 to 9.21, okay? So, we're talking about the log, guys, so log could be with base 2, log could be with base 10, and log could be with base E.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So we're talking about this log width base 2, so the value with this 10,000 is going to be around what? The value of this 10,000 is going to be around 13.19, okay? You can check out that. If we're talking about this log 10, okay? So over here, the value is going to be what? The value is going to be, basically, 4, right? If we're talking about this log E, so the value is going to be this 9.21.
Sunny Savita: This is the natural log, this is called the… natural law.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? So, log is having a different, different base, actually, right? So, why we use log? Can anyone tell me why we use log?
Sunny Savita: Tell me why we use log. We use a log to compress the range of the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We use the log to compress the range of the data, or in another word, we can say, we use the log to normalize the range of the data. Any word you can use. So here is also, I return the same thing, same meaning, you can read it out that. Again, I will come to this part.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Yes or no? Yes, we represent this log E as a ln also, okay? You can write the ln over here. This is also fine.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, I'm coming to the example, okay? Now, let's understand, the log one, okay? For the log, just to explain this log part, I kept some example over here, right? I kept some example over here. So, here is what? Here is my IDF, right? Now, here, let's suppose I'm not going to use the log. This is what? This is?
Sunny Savita: without log.
Sunny Savita: This is without log, okay? Now, let's assume, guys, we have total
Sunny Savita: thousand document, okay? And there is one rare word.
Sunny Savita: Right? There is one rare word which is appearing inside the one document. So what is going to be idea value? 10,000 divided by 1. So what is the number? 10,000… sorry, 1000 divided by 1. So the number is going to be what? The number is going to be 1000 only. Again, I can explain you that.
Sunny Savita: So let's say we have 1000 document. 1000 document means D1, D2, let's say D3, D4, and then D thousand.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, let's see, I have a word, the word is called sunny.
Sunny Savita: Now, this sunny word is only coming inside this D4 only, okay? Only once, only once, this sunny word is coming inside the D4, right? Inside the D4. Now, guys, tell me if I wanted to check the
Sunny Savita: IDF value, inverse document frequency, so what is the formula of that?
Sunny Savita: So, total number of documents.
Sunny Savita: What is the formula of that? The formula is going to be total number of document
Sunny Savita: Divided by… divided by what? Divided by what, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: In how many documents the word is coming, right? In how many document that Word is coming.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, total, how many documents we have? Thousand.
Sunny Savita: How many what? How many times the word is coming? 1. So the value will become thousand. So, is it an extreme value, guys? For the calculation, is it an extreme value? Tell me, guys, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So, using the lock, can we compress it? Using the lock, can we compress it? Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Are you getting my point? Why we were using log?
Sunny Savita: Yes? Great, guys. So, yes, I kept, like, the different, different cases. Let's say the word is appearing 10 times in the document.
Sunny Savita: So it will become 1000 by 10, but again, this is also a bigger value, okay? So let's say word is coming 500 times. Now, let's say the word is coming 500 times, so 1000 divided by 500 will become 2 over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, what is a problem? Now, just read over here, guys. What is a problem? The problem is nothing. Value are too extreme, right? 1000, then 100, then 2. You can see the range of the number is… it could be too different.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say there is a common word. For the common word, there could be 2, or 3, something like that, the normal, the smaller number. But if we're talking about the medium one, the medium occurrence of the number, for that it could be 100.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Or, if the rear board is there, so it could be thousand… now, tell me, guys, what is the range of the data over here? Range of the data is going to be…
Sunny Savita: From 2 to 1000. So, can we… so can we normalize this range? Can we compress this range for the better calculation? Can we utilize the log over there? Over this idea value? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: How's the explanation, guys? Did you understand the reason of the log, behind the log?
Sunny Savita: Are you enjoying the learning along with me, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Great, guys. So, did you understand the TF?
Sunny Savita: Did you understand the TF?
Sunny Savita: Did you understand the IDF?
Sunny Savita: If still you have a confusion, guys, if still you are not able to get, you can ask me in a doubt session, okay? I'll be clarifying over there. Yes, log, basically, is compressing the number, right? Now, did you understand the TF, why we are using TF? Now, did you understand the meaning of the IDF? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. Now, did you understand why we are using log over there? And did you understand how we are representing the final vector?
Sunny Savita: how we are representing the final vector. So, the final vector basically is going to be TF multiply IDF. Now, what this… what this TF is doing, guys, tell me what this TF is doing. It is checking the word importance, it is checking the word importance in the given document.
Sunny Savita: In the given document. And what this IDF is doing, this IDF, basically, it's checking the word importance, okay, word importance, checking word importance.
Sunny Savita: On…
Sunny Savita: It is checking the word importance over the entire data, okay? It is checking the word importance in the entire data, okay, inside the entire corpus. Just a second, let me rewrite this part.
Sunny Savita: So, checking… word importance.
Sunny Savita: Int?
Sunny Savita: Entire data.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Udayh, what I… see, Uday.
Sunny Savita: Please don't be… interrupt the session with… like this. What do they say? This same slide was repeated 4 times for the same definition, this formula is written again, huh? Guys, this thing should be clear, na?
Sunny Savita: If I'm just, like, scrolling, then how you will be able to understand? I know you are very intelligent over there. You can understand this entire thing in a single shot. Think about others. O there? Please. Okay? Let it be, let, my go in my flow.
Sunny Savita: And, don't worry, guys, at the end, Odar, we are going to be complete this topic, at the end of this session, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so we'll take 2 minutes of break, quick water break, then again we'll start, okay? Give me 2 minutes only.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great, guys. So now, let's discuss about the pros and cons. Now, before coming to the pros and cons, what I will do, I'll come to the practical, so let me show you the complete practical, and after that, guys, we can discuss about it, and finally, we'll come to the what to bag, okay? We'll discuss about that.
Sunny Savita: Word to bank. So, are you ready for the practical?
Sunny Savita: Please tell me, guys, you can mention in the chat, so that I can start with that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, how to perform the TF, how to convert the data into the TF idea vector? In just a second, I can, explain you that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. So first, guys, what I'm going to do…
Sunny Savita: First, basically, I'm going to be import something, right? So what I'm going to import, guys, I'm going to import,
Sunny Savita: TFITF class.
Sunny Savita: Let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: Chrome.
Sunny Savita: This is the mark now, let me open the code.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here, guys, what I'm going to do, I'm going to import the TFIDF vector, okay? TFIDF class.
Sunny Savita: So, from…
Sunny Savita: from sklearn.com.
Sunny Savita: feature extraction.
Sunny Savita: Okay, what I will do, I will import this.
Sunny Savita: TFIDF vectorizer.
Sunny Savita: So, import.
Sunny Savita: TF idea.
Sunny Savita: vectorizer, okay? So, using this particular class only, I'm going to be convert my data into the numbers, right? Now, what I will do, guys, I will take the data, so I can take the same data, previous data only. Let me do one thing, let me copy this particular data.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and here only I'm going to keep the data, this one.
Sunny Savita: I'm going to be executed, so this is the data, okay? Now, what I'm going to do, guys, I'm going to be create an object of this particular class.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'll do, I will keep it inside the variable, so TFITF.
Sunny Savita: Then, this one.
Sunny Savita: So, here, basically, we cannot use hyphen, so I will use underscore, right? So, is it clear to all of you? Yes, this thing is clear?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, is this thing is clear or not?
Sunny Savita: Yes? Okay. Now, after that, guys, what I will do, see, TF is what? TF, basically, it's a, term frequency, and IDF is what? IDF is a inverse document frequency, okay? So, for that, basically, how we will fit the data, it is very easy. So, first, I will take this TFIDF object name.
Sunny Savita: And I will call this FitTransform method.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, fitTransform method, what it will do, it will transform my data, the entire data, basically, into what? It will transform the entire data into the vectors. So, this is what? See, this is the document.
Sunny Savita: Okay? I'm providing this particular document to where? I'm providing this particular document to this TF IDF. So what I will get, I'm passing this particular data to this traffic transform method. So what it will do, guys, I will, I will get the vectors, okay?
Sunny Savita: So I can write over here, TFID of vector. So, I hope this is fine. So, if I will run it, guys, if I will check with this TFID of vector variable, so see what will be the output of it? The output of it is going to be this object.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: The out of it, the output of it is going to be this, basically object. Now, how we will get the, numbers from here? So, I will simply call this 2A on top of it, so I will simply call this 2 underscore.
Sunny Savita: two array on top of this particular object, and after that, guys, I will be getting my numbers. Okay? So, in total, how many vectors we have? We have four vectors, regarding the 4 document. Even I can iterate on top of it, what I can write, I can write 4.
Sunny Savita: vector.
Sunny Savita: And I can, I can write for vector in.
Sunny Savita: And then, I can write this TFIDF vector, okay?
Sunny Savita: And, I can simply print that. So, here you can see, in total, how many vectors we have. We have 4 vectors. Is it clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Now, if you wanted to check the… if you wanted to check the vocabulary, so for checking the vocabulary, guys, we have one more specific, we have one more specific method. You can simply call getFeacherGet.
Sunny Savita: underscore feature.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Get underscore features names out. So once you will call it, guys, you will be getting the vocabulary, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, it is showing what it is showing, guys. Just a second. I no need to call it over the TFID of vector, I need to call it over this particular object. This one, TFIDF object, okay? So what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be call this particular method on top of this particular vector.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, on top of this particular object. Now, once I will do it, guys, now over here, see, this is the vocabulary which I'm getting. Now, this vocabulary is nothing, it is just a…
Sunny Savita: What does this, guys, tell me? It is just a collection of the unique words, okay? So, let me keep it over here, this one, see. So, this is the vocabulary. Is it clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Ha. Why we are going to be convert that? You will get that in our upcoming session. This idea is also going to be clear, Raghal.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Because, see, I prepared one assignment, so at the end of this session, basically, I will give you that assignment. With that particular assignment, again, your idea is going to be very, very clear about this, end uses of it, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, if you have a basic understanding of the machine learning and the deep learning, at this time only, you can understand that, right? So that's why, guys, I was saying the prerequisite is very much important. See, this is the assignment, guys. I will explain this assignment at the end of this session.
Sunny Savita: So that your end goal of this vector is going to be very, very clear. See, the end goal comes over here, inside this mini use cases. Can you see these mini use cases? It is visible to all of you, these mini use cases.
Sunny Savita: I hope it is visible, right? This one. Many use cases. Okay? So actually, what we can do, we can take our data, we can convert into the vector, and we can create a model on top of it.
Sunny Savita: normal model, using the logistic regression and name bias. No LLM, nothing, it is a classical machine learning. Okay? So with this much of understanding, basically, we can build this kind of use cases.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? So, I will give you this thing as an assignment. You can go through with it. Now, guys, one more thing over here.
Sunny Savita: So, what I wanted to say, see, I wanted to tell you, if you are, not comfortable with all this thing, means the machine learning and all, if you are thinking that, okay, how to learn, how to understand that, so here we have given you some prerequisite videos. So, guys, this prerequisite video is very much important, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so inside this prerequisite video, basically, we have… inside this prerequisite video, basically, we have explained you, the each and every, concept of the machine learning, which is required to understand the basics of the deep learning.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, which is required to understand the basics of the, generative AI, okay? So I would request to all of you, if you don't know about all this thing, the end use cases and all, please go through with this prerequisite session.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys. Okay, so are you able to perform this practical?
Sunny Savita: Are you able to perform this, TF IDF practical?
Sunny Savita: Okay, let me give you this entire code so that you can go through with it.
Sunny Savita: And let me delete this entire thing as of now. We haven't discussed the word to back now, so I will discuss it later on.
Sunny Savita: I'm updating the code, guys, the latest code, so that you can take it, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, how's the learning so far? Did you understand the meaning of the TF-IDF?
Sunny Savita: Egg number, right? Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, can you push the updated notes? After the session, after this session, I will update it. Now, let me do one thing, let me give you the link of the code. So, here is the link of the code.
Sunny Savita: Just sharing that. So, under this 4th April of class, okay, today's 5th April na? Fine, guys, I will create a new folder for the today's session, until you can check it from here only, right?
Sunny Savita: I will create a new folder.
Sunny Savita: With the…
Sunny Savita: classical, sorry, with the today's notes, okay? I will create a new folder until you can check out over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so now, let's understand the pros and cons. Can we discuss the pros and cons of this TF idea? And after that, I'll give you the dinner break.
Sunny Savita: You can check out the prerequisite, Prabhatib. We have discussed this thing over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: Sir, can you tell when we will start the langchen? We'll start the langchen from Module 3 onwards.
Sunny Savita: But the next topics are World 2 back. We are going to discuss about the World 2 back, okay? And then, guys, from next week onwards, we are going to start with the Transformer, which is the important one.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Sir, explain the code again, please. Simranji, what is there in the code, huh? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: What is there in the code?
Sunny Savita: See?
Sunny Savita: what I did.
Sunny Savita: I took this class, TFID of vector. It is from the sklearn. This is my data. Data could be like this from anywhere. This is what? This is the object of the class. This is the method where I've given the data. Here is my vector.
Sunny Savita: And this is my vocabulary, this one.
Sunny Savita: what is there in the code, huh? If you will go through with this entire code from your end, you will easily understand that, okay?
Sunny Savita: Let me check the code is pushed or not over the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, code is here, inside this particular file.
Sunny Savita: So, please cover SOTA approach. Yes, SOTA approach is, means, is there, I will cover that.
Sunny Savita: I created a very detailed, basically practical for that also.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Okay, fine. Guys, now let's do one thing. Let's, discuss this pros and cons. So, over here, you can see…
Sunny Savita: there is some pros and cons of this PFIDF, right? So, today's notebook is blank. Alright, here is a notebook. Why check to karwekbar? Please go through with this GitHub, this one.
Sunny Savita: What is this? It's a TF IDF practical nabai. See this one?
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: TFIDF result, it is coming now. Everything is coming over here. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: As of now, Sushil, we have understood how to convert our data into the vector. That's it, okay? As we will go ahead in the future classes, more understanding is going to be. So, the other thing is also going to be clarified. With a better understanding of the NLP, check out with the prerequisite, right?
Sunny Savita: Why? Now, what we can do, guys, here is the pros. So, what is the pros of this particular technique?
Sunny Savita: So, pro is basically simple. It is going to be capture, not just focus over the first one.
Sunny Savita: Just focus over the first one, guys, it is important. And, this thing you have to explain in the interview. So, capture importance of the word, not just the count, okay? It is going to be check the importance. Rare words is going to be higher weight.
Sunny Savita: And common word is going to be a lower weight, okay? If any word, basically, which is coming again and again and doing unnecessary noise, so TFIDF can reduce that noise, right? So common weight, basically, is going to be a lower weight, common words, basically, which is not necessary inside the…
Sunny Savita: Common words, basically, which is not necessary inside the data. It is giving a lower weight to that one, and rare words, basically, is getting a higher weight, so this thing is also being handled by the TF IDF.
Sunny Savita: And I've shown you that with the log example, so you can check out with that particular example. Now, guys, over here, reduce impact of common words, okay? Reduce impact of the common words, idea of reduce their weights. I hope you understood this particular thing.
Sunny Savita: So…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, reduce impact of the common words, okay? Now, what is the rare word, guys? The rear word, basically, it's a… it could be the important word, okay?
Sunny Savita: Rare word could be the important word. So with this, rare word could be the important word, and with the help of this TF idea, basically, we are able to catch the importance of this rare word, actually, right? You can check out with the log example how we are doing that. You will understand over here with that mathematical value of the log.
Sunny Savita: Now, it is better than bag of words.
Sunny Savita: Right? It helps in a search engine, information retrieval, and ranking the document. So, guys, if we're talking about this TF IDF, it's a very popular technique, as I told you. And there, we have… we are having lots of, basically, application of this TF IDF. Even the Google search engine was using this TF IDF.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this technique, basically, it is invented by whom? It is invented by the Google, and during 2013, during 2014, right? At that time, the Google was using this particular technique, the TF-IDF, in their search engine, in the Google search engine.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, over here, guys, you can see information retrieval. Information retrieval means, the retrieval process.
Sunny Savita: They are also, basically, this technique was being used, ranking the document, okay? So we have one advanced version of this TF idea, that is called the BM25, right? BM25. So probably this, technique we will discuss in the RAC chapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this particular technique, basically, we are using for ranking the document. We can rank the document, we can give the importance, what we can do, guys, we can give the importance number to the document, okay? And even we can perform the similarity search, we can perform the semantic search.
Sunny Savita: So, this particular thing, we are going to discuss inside the rack chapter, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, the next one is going to be no training required. So, again, guys, are we going to train any sort of a model, any mathematical model over here?
Sunny Savita: No, guys, we are not going to be trained any sort of a mathematical model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Any sort of a mathematical model, we are not going to be trained. So again, any training, any sort of a training is not required over here. It is a simple calculation, right? Now, simple and interpretable.
Sunny Savita: Right? Easy to understand mathematically, TF IDF, kill your logic. So this is some of the pros, basically, right? Pros of what? Pros of the TF-IDF.
Sunny Savita: Now, someone is asking how it was being used inside the search engine. So, guys, whenever we are talking about, the Google, right? So, you are, so what is… what does Google is doing? So, Google is indexing the pages.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Tell me, guys. Google is indexing the pages.
Sunny Savita: So, this TF IDF, this TFIDF, basically, it was helping in indexing the pages, okay? In indexing the pages, okay? I can tell you the… I can… what I can do, guys, I can tell you the verbal use of it. So, let's say if you're going to be writing any sort of a query over the Google, right?
Sunny Savita: So, TFIDF, what it will do, it will convert, it will convert into the vectors. This particular data is going to be converted into where? Into the vectors, okay? Now.
Sunny Savita: whatever pages we have, right, it will perform the similarity search, it will perform the similarity search, okay, and it will
Sunny Savita: rank those pages. So, Google was using one very important algorithm, the Page Rank Index Algorithm. I don't know the correct name, I think I forgot that, but you can check out that.
Sunny Savita: page rank index algorithm, right? So inside that, they were using the TF IDF to convert the data into the numbers. Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no, right?
Sunny Savita: So, here is one of the examples of this PFIDF. Now, apart from that information retrieval ranking document, so don't be worried about this particular concept, right? So, RAG, basically, this RAG, inside the RAG chapter, we are going to understand it.
Sunny Savita: Rahul is saying, not… did not understand. Rahul, please wait for the rack chapter, okay? Please wait for the rack chapter. In detail, we'll understand about the similarity search. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Okay? In, detail, basically, we are going to be understand the similarity search. In detail, basically, we are going to understand about the retrieval process. So, I would suggest you wait till the REC chapter. There, we are going to discuss that.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, we have some cons also.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So there is the cons, now let's focus over some cons. So what is the cons? What is the disadvantage of this TF-IDF? Actually, it is an older technique. Nowadays, no one is using that, because nowadays we have a capable LLMs, okay, which is able to generate the embedding, and nowadays, we are using those embeddings instead of this TF-IDF vector.
Sunny Savita: But guys, in 2014, in 2013, basically, it was very, very important. So, let's understand some of the cons we have on that, like, the TF idea vector.
Sunny Savita: So, it ignores the word order. So, order doesn't matter for that, right? If I'm saying dog bites mane, and main bite dog, so again, guys, it will give the same representation of that particular data.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? So, again, that problem was not going to be solved. So, over here, guys, we are going to be change the order of the word, so again, the context is going to be changed. So the simple meaning, basically, it is not able to preserve, it is not able to preserve the context. It is not able to preserve
Sunny Savita: It is not able to preserve the context of the data, right? The second thing is also same, no semantic understanding. Cannot understand the meaning of the… cannot understand the meaning, basically, right? Let's understand what is this. So here I return.
Sunny Savita: car versus automobile, right? So it is going to be treat this thing as a completely different. It's going to be treat that thing as a completely different. Means, what I wanted to say over here, if I'm going to be right, let's say, love.
Sunny Savita: And let's see if I'm going to be right like. Okay, so here, guys, this TFIDF will not make any sort of a similarity between these two words.
Sunny Savita: Because it is not able to capture the semantic meaning of the data.
Sunny Savita: Semantic meaning of the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? It's not going to be capture the semantic meaning of the data. Now, guys, again, one more problem is there. It's still is sparse in the high dimensional vector. Here, we are going to be create a vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: Now, think, guys, if we have a very huge dataset. So, from that huge data set, again, the vocabulary is going to be create… vocabulary is going to be very, very huge. Tell me yes or no. Vocabulary size could be anything. It could be, let's say, 10,000. It could be maybe 50,000, right? It could be, let's suppose, 1 lakh.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? So the vocabulary is going to be very, very huge.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we have a huge data, the vocabulary is going to be very, very huge. In that case, guys, again, the vector is going to be sparse vector.
Sunny Savita: Right? Is pass vector means we will be having most of the zeros over there.
Sunny Savita: We will be having most of the zeros over there. Making sense to all of you? Is this cons… consists clear, guys? Tell me, yes or no. Please let me know in the chat if you are able to understand this disadvantage… disadvantage of the TF IDF. Yes?
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, we have one more, guys. Again, it is not going to be handle the contacts. So, let's say if I'm saying bank. Bank for the river is different, bank for the finance is different. Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So for the bank guys, again, it's going to be creator, same… it's going to be treat the same one, right? Wherever bank is coming, doesn't matter, right? Wherever bank is coming, doesn't matter. It's going to be treated in a same way.
Sunny Savita: Right? And guys, out of vocabulary problem, same thing. If any new word is coming, if any new word is coming, then definitely it's not going to be handled that new word. It's not going to be handled that out of vocabulary word. Making sense to all of you? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: No, TFIDF is not that technique. Nowadays, we have very advanced LLM-based embedding technique, okay? So guys, now this TF-IDF chapter is clear.
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Salisa, you said Google TF idea was replaced by some new algorithm? Yeah, now the new embedding thing is there, no? The new embedding one, correct?
Sunny Savita: Google embedding, Jimmy embedding… sorry, Jimmy embedding, and we have so many advanced embedding concepts… sorry, advanced embedding models. We'll discuss about that, okay?
Sunny Savita: Can you please determine what represent a row and column index?
Sunny Savita: Into your full vector.
Sunny Savita: The row… see, it is a vector only. This is a vector, basically.
Sunny Savita: Okay? This is the first vector regarding the first sentence. Second one, third one, this is the third… related to the third sentence, this is the fourth one.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And this is a thing, basically, behalf of the vocabulary only, we are going to create these, vectors of the document, okay?
Sunny Savita: go through with these notes, guys. I written a very, I prepare in a very well manner. You will understand everything. Once you will go through with these notes now, once you will understand via these notes, you will understand everything, guys. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so this all the techniques, basically, just to clear your basics, right? Nowadays, we have a SOTA technique, so maybe from next week onwards, we are going to be start those SOTA technique.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: TFIDF is an encoding one, not an embedding one. If someone is saying embedding na, so directly associate… directly associate that thing with the model, okay? So here, let me revise that part. If we are saying O-H-E,
Sunny Savita: If someone is saying B-O-W, if someone is writing AND coding… sorry, this one.
Sunny Savita: Tfidf, okay, TFIDF, and even if someone is writing PM25, so these all are nothing, it's a encoding technique.
Sunny Savita: Right? Because there is
Sunny Savita: No training. Anywhere did we perform any sort of a training, guys? Tell me yes or no. No training, right? Simple calculation. But let's say, if neural network is required, if transformer network is required, okay, in that case, we will say…
Sunny Savita: The generated number is embedding.
Sunny Savita: Actually, why we were using this embedding term? Because it is having some… Semantic meaning. Semantic.
Sunny Savita: meaning.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: You did.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine, guys, if you have any sort of a doubt, you can,
Sunny Savita: If you have any sort of a doubt, guys, you can ask me in a doubt session. Otherwise, go through with my notes, okay? All the notes. So, can we take a dinner break now? Can we go for the break? After that, guys, we'll start with the bag of words, okay? So, will you cover BERT also? Yes, in practical, I can show you that. So, Darshan.
Sunny Savita: So, can you explain the last line? What is there in the last line? If any training is required, neural network transformer is there, so those generated numbers, those generated vector is called the embedding.
Sunny Savita: And why it is embedding, why this specific term is there, because this number is actually is having some semantic meaning. I already clarified that in my…
Sunny Savita: First sentence, please check out over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. Fine. So, let's take a break, and after that, guys, I'll come back. Putting a timer for the 15 minutes. If you have any sort of a doubt, guys, you can ask me in a doubt session. I will clarify over there. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Why is TF-IDF important? It was important. It is not right now. We have advanced technique, no? Nowadays it is not, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yes, we'll discuss War 2 pack, okay?
Sunny Savita: Finally, thank you for putting a timer.
Sunny Savita: I'll see you after the break. Thank you, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, can we start again?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Great, perfect.
Sunny Savita: Now guys, what we are going to do, we are going to understand about the Embedding, right?
Sunny Savita: So, everyone is back, no?
Sunny Savita: Please do confirm in the chat if you are back.
Sunny Savita: Okay, one light is not working, fine.
Sunny Savita: Sure.
Sunny Savita: So, let's begin, let's start. I hope everyone is back. Now, guys, what we will do, we'll understand about the embedding concept, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, when I was talking about the embedding concept, so I, already told you, let me write over here…
Sunny Savita: So this embedding, basically, we can achieve in two ways.
Sunny Savita: The one, basically, it's a classical method.
Sunny Savita: Classical.
Sunny Savita: method.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: The another one, basically, it's a… SOTA method.
Sunny Savita: SOTA method means what, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Sota means what? SOTA means?
Sunny Savita: State of art.
Sunny Savita: State of ART method.
Sunny Savita: Which is also called the latest method.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, over here, guys, see, guys, this particular method was invented, again, by the Google.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: First time, this method, the classical method, invented by the Google.
Sunny Savita: So the method name is the World2Back.
Sunny Savita: What's the method name?
Sunny Savita: The method name is Word2.
Sunny Savita: Back.
Sunny Savita: Okay? In 2013, Google has released one research paper.
Sunny Savita: There, actually, they discuss about this particular concept.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, they have used the neural network-based model.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Then the SOTA method, basically, again, it is a transformer-based method.
Sunny Savita: In the first day in the introduction itself, I have discussed this thing.
Sunny Savita: Right? And, whatever model you can see nowadays, whether it's a HF-based model, hugging phase-based model, hugging phase-based model means what? Sentence transformer-based model.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: OpenAI embedding.
Sunny Savita: Anyone have used this OpenAI embedding?
Sunny Savita: OpenAI is also having this embedding model.
Sunny Savita: or Google embedding.
Sunny Savita: This is also called Jiminy embedding.
Sunny Savita: Right? Clauders also have that.
Sunny Savita: I think Claude is not having.
Sunny Savita: But the different other one is also having, right? So, you can check out the different, different state-of-heart model, basically, which is depend on the transformer.
Sunny Savita: So this is our… this is our destination, guys.
Sunny Savita: This is our destination.
Sunny Savita: And in our… all the applications, whatever application.
Sunny Savita: Whatever application we are going to be create, right?
Sunny Savita: which is using the embedding, which is using the embedding, we are going to use this model.
Sunny Savita: We are going to use.
Sunny Savita: this model. Then, why we are learning this one, this concept?
Sunny Savita: Then why we are learning this particular concept? So, we are learning this concept to make our understanding better.
Sunny Savita: To clarify are all the fundamental, Okay.
Sunny Savita: To clarify all the fundamental, To conquer the interview.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: to conquer the interview. Sorry for the wrong spelling.
Sunny Savita: So, to clarify all the fundamentals, to conquer the interview, and this word-to-back model, actually, It's being used
Sunny Savita: Somewhere in the transformer also.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: At one place now, it is being used in the transformer also, so we'll understand that… that part also.
Sunny Savita: Got it? So…
Sunny Savita: Guys, what I wanted to say, this classical method, we are not directly using, we are not directly using this classical method, but just to clarify the fundamental, to understand the fundamental of the embedding.
Sunny Savita: To conquer the interview, let me write over here, if any question is coming in the interview, you can explain that.
Sunny Savita: And this word-to-back, basically, it is associated with the transformer also. Means whenever we are passing data into the transformer, we are going to be convert the data into the embedding, we are going to be convert the data, we are going to be convert the tokens into the embedding using this word-to-back model only.
Sunny Savita: Using what? Using this? Word-to-back model only. Making sense to all of you? Yes or no? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Yes? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, if we're talking about this word-to-back model, the classical model, actually, let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about this word-to-back model, the classical model.
Sunny Savita: So we can use it in a two-way.
Sunny Savita: The first, basically, is called the pre-trained model.
Sunny Savita: Pre-trained means model means what?
Sunny Savita: Pre-trained model means… Someone already trained that model.
Sunny Savita: Who has trained that model?
Sunny Savita: So, Google has trained that model.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Google has trained the model. So is that model available for the use? Yes. The model is available for the use. We can do that. We can use that. We can use this pre-trained model.
Sunny Savita: The second, basically… the second, basically, what? The second, basically, custom model.
Sunny Savita: Custom model means what?
Sunny Savita: Custom model means you can train your own model on your own dataset. You have your own dataset.
Sunny Savita: Okay? You can train your own model.
Sunny Savita: on.
Sunny Savita: model.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Now, guys, over here, I will just keep the… I will just keep, basically…
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Sunny Savita: So, I'll only discuss about this pre-trained model only, okay? Means we are going to be use this pre-trained model only. This one, we are not going to be trained the custom model, okay? Because, see.
Sunny Savita: Here, we are mainly learned to about the generative AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Here we are about the generative AI. So, guys, we need to focus on the fine-tuning concept, RAC concept, agent concept.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We need to focus on the MCP, right? So we have to focus on these generative AI concepts, right? So I don't want to be, like, go through those neural network and all, and to train the custom model and all. So I will show you the practical, basically, with the pre-trained model only.
Sunny Savita: Right? How to use that pre-tin model. Custom model, I'm not going to show you, because, guys, it is not required over here, right? Again, it is a classical
Sunny Savita: Again, it is a classical learning. Means…
Sunny Savita: We used to do that inside the NLP, inside the natural language processing, okay? But RM, basically, main RM to understand the generative AI, so I will more focus on the fine-tuning. So here we'll learn about the transformer-based model training, right? Transformer-based model training.
Sunny Savita: transformer-based model training. You'll understand about the RAG, agents, MCP, and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, custom model training, we are not going to do. The agenda is clear, the idea is clear, the scope is clear, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay. If you wanted to tell… if you wanted to, like, let me know… sorry, if you wanted to include this, custom model training, please let me know in the chat. Do you want that? I can train that, okay? I can show you the practical, if you want that, okay? I can train the custom model also. I don't have any issue.
Sunny Savita: Okay, couple of people are saying yes, some people are saying no. Okay, fine. If you want, then I can give you one practical example.
Sunny Savita: Don't worry, guys, okay? So, I will give you one practical example. You can understand how to train your own Word2Bag model, okay? I can give you the ready-made, I can give you the ready-made notebook.
Sunny Savita: So you can follow that notebook.
Sunny Savita: And… you can, you can train your, you can train your own word-to-back model.
Sunny Savita: Clear, guys, yes or no? The agenda, the idea is clear. So the introduction is clear to all of you, please let me know in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, let's understand about the word to back, okay? What it is, and basically how, we were using that, okay? So, step by step, basically, one by one, we'll understand that.
Sunny Savita: Now, just look into this particular example. Can you see, guys, this one? Is this example visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Don't worry, Niranjan, what we can do, if people are asking about some solution and all, I will provide the notebook, okay? So I will provide the notebook of the custom training. You can follow that, right? So hardly it will take, maybe half an hour or one hour.
Sunny Savita: you can, go through with that custom training example, right? Great. Now, guys, here, just look into this particular sentence.
Sunny Savita: So, you can see, what I return. I return, I like this movie.
Sunny Savita: The second sentence is saying, I love this movie, okay? I love this flip.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, basically what is happening, and what happens, actually, inside the one autoencoding, inside the bag of warts inside the TF IDF,
Sunny Savita: This like is not equal to love, okay? And movie is not equal to flip. Means, kids tell me.
Sunny Savita: This context is same, no?
Sunny Savita: the context is same of the bow sentence. If I'm saying this, If I'm saying this.
Sunny Savita: Both is same. Now, the context is going to be same.
Sunny Savita: there will be some similarity… there is some similarity between the sentences. But if we're talking about this method, 1-out encoding method, bag of words method, TFIDF method.
Sunny Savita: So there, basically, this particular method is not able to… this particular method, basically, is not able to find out any sort of a context between… between bot, between the sentences.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so that's where this embedding comes. Now, embedding says, like, somewhat, right? It's partially equal to love.
Sunny Savita: Movie is partially equal to flame, okay? So here, model understands similarity, the model, basically, which we are going to betrayed. Now, here, let me, correct this particular example.
Sunny Savita: So, what I can do, I can remove this. Here, basically, we don't have any sort of a model, okay? So I'm going to remove this part. So tell me, guys, here, this part is clear to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Did you understand this particular example, right? Why the embedding is required, why the embedding is required, so that we can understand the context in a better way.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So that we can understand the context of the data, we can understand the context of the data, we can understand the semantic meaning of the data. See, both are the same. Either you can see the context, either you can see the semantic meaning, okay? So, we can understand the context and the semantic meaning of that data.
Sunny Savita: That's why, guys, We required what?
Sunny Savita: We require embedding.
Sunny Savita: I hope this part is clear. Now, let's understand about the World 2 back, how it was working, okay? One by one, step by step. Guys, we'll understand that.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, we will be required the neural network knowledge.
Sunny Savita: Okay. This word2Back, basically, it's, depend on the neural network. Let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: This, word to back.
Sunny Savita: is depend on what? Is depend on where? Is depend over the… neural network.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, neural network understanding, neural network, this prerequisite is required over here. You can check out the prerequisite, we have already given you some video.
Sunny Savita: Right? You can complete it from there. Now, what I'm doing, guys, so I'm showing you the research paper of it. Can you see this research paper? Is it visible to all of you? This one?
Sunny Savita: Can you see this research paper? Is it visible? So this research paper, basically, it was published by the Google, okay? This research paper, it was published by the Google. Now you can see the name of it.
Sunny Savita: The name of the research paper is, Efficient Estimation of the Word Representation is Vector Space.
Sunny Savita: Now, you can see when this was published. So, this was published in 2020… 2013, okay? So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm downloading this research paper, and I'm keeping inside your, I'm keeping inside the folder, right? So, from there itself, you can take that. So, here I already downloaded that particular research paper.
Sunny Savita: let me keep it inside the… let me keep that particular research paper where, inside your folder, so that later on, you can follow. Okay? So, just a second. I'm keeping it inside the new folder. So, here the folder is going to be…
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I already created, basically, just a second, I already created this folder, no? I'm keeping over here.
Sunny Savita: And, here, I'm keeping this classical word embedding also, so this will also be here only.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, I'm giving you this research paper, I'm pushing all the changes, you can directly take it from the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: So I'm writing over here git add dot… Git commit.
Sunny Savita: hyphen M, code updated.
Sunny Savita: and git.
Sunny Savita: get push.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, you can take all the recent changes from the GitHub only. I already uploaded the, I already… sorry, I updated this particular paper over the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: So please check if the latest changes are there. You can, let… you can confirm in the chat itself, guys. Once you got it. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Got it? Yes or no? Give me quick confirmation so that I can proceed, right? Now, guys, if we're talking about… if we're talking about this world to bag, okay? So this is a research of the Google only.
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me in which sun… in which year it was published?
Sunny Savita: So, it was published inside the 2013. Now, what is our agenda? What is the idea behind this Virtube bag?
Sunny Savita: The idea behind this word-to-back was very, very simple. To represent the word.
Sunny Savita: To present… to represent the word, okay? To represent the word into the… numbers.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: to represent the word into the numbers, or I can say, into the vectors.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: to represent the word into the numbers, or we can say vector. Now, how they are going to represent the word, guys? So, they are going to represent the word in terms of features.
Sunny Savita: Right? In terms of features.
Sunny Savita: And now this feature basically is being learned… is being learned from the data itself, okay? The model basically is learning those features. It's trying to find out the best possible feature.
Sunny Savita: To represent the word in terms of feature.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: I hope, this thing is getting clear to all of you. Now, how to do that? How this thing is possible, right? Let's understand that part. So, to represent a word into the features, and what those features is going to be.
Sunny Savita: Right? Let's understand that part one by one. Now, before that, guys, what I can do, I can, explain… means I can give you the quick recap, I can give you the quick recap of the, neural network, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if we're talking about this Google model, right, which is published by the Google, so, whatever word, basically, we were providing to this Google model, so this, word, basically, it was, being converted into the three-dimension vector.
Sunny Savita: So if I'm saying 3-dimension vector, can anyone tell me how many features would be there inside the three-dimension, 300 dimension?
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about 300 dimension, now how many features would be there? So there would be… tell me guys, how many features would be there?
Sunny Savita: we would be having 300 features, correct? 300 features.
Sunny Savita: Is this thing is clear? If it is not clear, guys, it comes under the basics of the machine learning and deep learning. I can tell you with very basic example, and I can give you the quick recap of the neural network also. So, guys, have you learned about the house price? Okay, let's say, guys, if I wanted to purchase the house, okay? House…
Sunny Savita: Boy.
Sunny Savita: prediction, okay?
Sunny Savita: House, boy, prediction. I think it is a very well-known data, okay? It is a very well-known data. So, how to represent this data? We represent this data in terms of feature, feature 1, feature 2, let's say feature 3. Now, what this feature is going to be?
Sunny Savita: what this feature is going to be. Let's say the first feature is a size. So, based on the size, can we decide whether I have to purchase the house or not? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Based on the location, can we decide whether we have to purchase the house or not? Tell me, guys, right?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. Based on the number of bedroom, can we decide whether to purchase the house or not? Tell me yes or no. So, this is what, guys, this is a feature. This is a feature.
Sunny Savita: Now, let me write the output variable. Now, let me write the output variable. The output, let's suppose it's going to be a decision, right? The final one, the final output, whether we have to purchase a house or not. So here, the value could be yes or no. So, can it even tell me it is a binary classification problem? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: It is what? It is a binary classification problem.
Sunny Savita: Right? It is about… it is a binary classification problem, okay? Now, over here, guys, let's say, let's say, let's suppose, guys, the size of the house, okay? The size of the house is 1250 square feet.
Sunny Savita: Right? The location, basically, it's a city center. Okay, city center.
Sunny Savita: The number of bedroom, let's say 3.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, the next one, the size is going to be 1140 square feet.
Sunny Savita: The location is the outskirt.
Sunny Savita: Okay, outskirt. The number of bedroom is going to be 2.
Sunny Savita: Right? And here, output, basically, yes, I will purchase this house, I will not purchase this house. So what is this, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, what is this?
Sunny Savita: This is a feature, no?
Sunny Savita: Alright? This is the feature. Size, location, and bedroom. Now, this data only, this data only, we are going to be provided to the model training, na?
Sunny Savita: Machine learning k concept ya da Rai B, yes or no. This data only we are going to provide for the training na, correct?
Sunny Savita: This data only we are going to provide to the training now? Correct? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me. So, what is this, guys? This is the feature. This is what? This is the feature. Okay.
Sunny Savita: I hope this concept is clear. Now, the same thing we are going to do means we are going to represent the word into the feature. So this is what one of the examples, just to tell you the feature, what is a feature, right? So, based on this particular feature, basically, we are going to decide whether I have to purchase the house or not.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, coming to the next part. Let's recap the neural network, okay? Maybe some of you know the neural network, some of you maybe don't know.
Sunny Savita: So, I will highly recommend you the prerequisite. If you don't know, guys, I can give you the quick recap of that. Now, here, guys, see, in the neural network, what happens? In the neural network, we have 3 important things. One is called the input.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, there is my perceptron.
Sunny Savita: Then, basically, we have an output.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, we are passing some input.
Sunny Savita: It's going to be interact with a weight value.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Then we have a bias over here.
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, inside this perceptron, we have some summation, right? We are going to be add, we are going to be, perform the calculation. Then we are passing that through the activation function.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And then we are able to generate the output.
Sunny Savita: So, this is called a single perceptron.
Sunny Savita: This is what guys tell me. This is called the single perceptron.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Single perceptron.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? So, what is a component? So, over here, how to represent that? How to represent this neural network? So, we have to represent the neural network like this. Input, basically, I'm saying X, okay, then we have a weight. So, W,
Sunny Savita: X.
Sunny Savita: plus V… And this particular thing, this particular calculation, we are passing from the activation function.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Getting my point? Yes or no, guys? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: This W, basically, it's called the weight. This is called the weight.
Sunny Savita: And this is called the wires.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, let's understand… let's understand this thing with one more example, right? Okay, so I'm going to be design that. Now, guys, if we're talking about the neural network, so there is an important component of the neural network.
Sunny Savita: Right? So I can write the important component. The first is called the input, basically.
Sunny Savita: So, whatever input we are passing, that.
Sunny Savita: The second is nothing. Second, basically, it's what? Second is a hidden layer.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Second is a hidden layer.
Sunny Savita: The third is called what? Third is called the output, basically. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the multi-layer perceptron, multi-layer perceptron.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about multi-layer perceptron. So, inside the multi-layer perceptron, basically.
Sunny Savita: We will be having multiple hidden layers.
Sunny Savita: Multiple. Hidden.
Sunny Savita: layer.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, let's understand that. Let's understand with example, okay? So, I'm going to be design that example over here.
Sunny Savita: So what I'm going to do, guys, so let's say we have 3 inputs, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, we have 3 inputs over here, this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, we have one hidden layer, so this is my hidden layer, guys, this one.
Sunny Savita: So this is my hidden layer, okay? Then, guys, what we have, we have an output layer. This is what? This is the output layer, okay?
Sunny Savita: The single one, the neural network with the single neuron is called the perceptron, right? So, perceptron is nothing, it's a neural network with a neural network, basically. Neural network with a single neuron is called the perceptron, okay?
Sunny Savita: A neural network with a multiple, neural network with the multiple neurons, with a multiple hidden layer, is called the multi-layer perceptron. So, neural network A, different, different names, okay? Neural network is having a different, different names. So, this is my input, right? So, I will pass the input, let's say.
Sunny Savita: Here, basically, I'm passing the input. Let me do that. So, this is the input, basically.
Sunny Savita: One value, second value, and the three value. Now, this value will be, coming over here inside the hidden layer, right, over here.
Sunny Savita: And then, it will go to the output layer, along with all the calculation, and we'll be getting the output over here.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, after the output, guys, what will happen? After the output, you know.
Sunny Savita: We have a prediction, right? Output is nothing, it is a prediction only, right? So if I'm saying output, guys, so output is nothing, it is also called the prediction, the prediction of the data.
Sunny Savita: Then we have an actual number.
Sunny Savita: actual, okay? So this thing is called what? This thing is called the… loss.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is what guys tell me, this is a loss, okay? Now, what we do, we perform the forward propagation. So, here is my forward propagation. So, in the forward propagation, we always perform the calculation. Calculation like what? WX…
Sunny Savita: plus B.
Sunny Savita: And we pass this data to the activation function. This activation function could be anything, right? And, in the backward propagation, in the backward propagation, what we do, guys, in the backward propagation, basically, we use the optimizer.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Optimizer. Have you heard about the gradient descent, guys? Tell me yes or no. Gradient descent. So, gradient descent is one type of optimizer. Now, why we use this optimizer? To adjust the weight.
Sunny Savita: Okay? To adjust the weight.
Sunny Savita: to adjust the weight, okay? GD means what? GD means the gradient descent, okay? Now, this one forward propagation, one forward plus backward propagation, is called the single epoch. It is called the one epoch.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And like this, my weight is going to be learned. So here, what I can do, I can write the weights. So, weight from W1 to 1, okay? W1 to 2.
Sunny Savita: Now, here is what? W221, W222. Then here, W321, W32.
Sunny Savita: 2, okay? So this is from the first one.
Sunny Savita: Right, so here I can write the first. I hope it is clear. Now, this is what… this is… we are basically, guys, this is the second one, okay? So, W121 and W221. Now, this is from the second one, okay?
Sunny Savita: Over here, between the hidden and the output, so I'm showing with a 2, and from input to hidden, so this is the 1, guys. So this is my input layer, this is my input layer, this is what, this is my header layer.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is my header layer.
Sunny Savita: And this is what, guys, this is my output layer. Okay, this is my output layer. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Now, we're talking about the weights, guys. So, initially, initially, if we're talking about our weights, guys, if we're talking about our weights, so initially, initially, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay, initially, we are going to be… Use the random bits.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Random bids.
Sunny Savita: Right? Random bits. And then, guys, what we are going to do, we are going to do the learning.
Sunny Savita: learning. Okay, we are going to perform the multiple epochs.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And in that, basically, what we are going to do, we are going to minimize the loss.
Sunny Savita: Minimize the loss.
Sunny Savita: And we are getting our… Best possible rates.
Sunny Savita: best possible.
Sunny Savita: bits.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. So the neural network concept is clear or not to all of you. This is what, guys? This comes under the… this concept comes under the fundamental of the deep learning.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Actually, this entire concept, it comes under the fundamental of the deep learning, so we have already given you the prerequisite, you can check out over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, if you wanted to learn in a detail, you can check out this thing over there, okay? This, neural network, actually, it is a not, this neural network, actually, guys, it is a not, in the… inside the scope of this particular course.
Sunny Savita: Right? If you wanted to learn in a detail, you can check out with the prerequisite session. What is an epoch, guys? Epoch is nothing. One forward propagation and backward propagation is called the one single epoch, right? Great. Again, I'm saying, I'm not going to revise it, I'm not going to explain it, this is just a quick recap.
Sunny Savita: Okay, please check out with a prerequisite we have already provided you over there.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Great. Now, guys, I hope this thing is clear, and, let's come to the, this one, Word2Bag. Now, how this Word2Bag is helping to us. Now, first of all, tell me, guys, how is your learning going on?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. Sorry, tell me, is it good or not? Are you learning the concept? Are you able to revise the concept? I think majority of the people. If someone don't know about the deep learning, machine learning, maybe someone hearing this thing first time.
Sunny Savita: they might feel difficulty, but for those, I would suggest you, please go and check with a prerequisite, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so… Just give me a moment, I'm drinking some water. Wait.
Sunny Savita: Can you hear me, guys, now? Am I audible? Yeah. Perfect.
Sunny Savita: So, let's do one thing, guys. Let's, understand the meaning of the word to back, okay? Now, I think we can do that.
Sunny Savita: Sir, could you please go over this example again? No, just check out, no, see, again, I'm saying, Sahil, please check out with the, that…
Sunny Savita: Sorry, please check out with the prerequisite, okay? In the prerequisite, we have discussed this thing in a very detail. If you're asking me a full form of this FP, FP is called the forward propagation.
Sunny Savita: What is this? It is a… forward propagation.
Sunny Savita: And BP means what? BP means?
Sunny Savita: backward propagation.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: by a court?
Sunny Savita: propagation.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, what we are going to do
Sunny Savita: You will get a mail na, Sri Kanth. Over the… or Tuesday, we'll shoot out the mail if there is any class. Why you are in a hurry, huh?
Sunny Savita: I told you already, it is a tentative, I'll confirm on Wednesday. Yesterday only, I told you. Sorry, I will confirm on Tuesday.
Sunny Savita: Right? Okay, now guys, see, what is the agenda behind the Word2Bag? So, the agenda behind Word2Bag was very, very simple.
Sunny Savita: To convert the word, Into the vectors.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, how to convert the word into the vectors? We'll understand that. So, in the word-to-back, basically, they were saying.
Sunny Savita: They're going to be represent the word in terms of feature.
Sunny Savita: Okay? In terms of what? In terms of feature.
Sunny Savita: So I can give you some analogy with that, maybe some of your understanding will be clear.
Sunny Savita: So let's say there is one word, sunny.
Sunny Savita: Here, I'm going to be right, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and let's say here I'm going to be writing one more word, that's going to be, let's say, tiger.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I just took the word, guys, just to explain the concept. So, here is what, here is a sunny, and the second one is what? Second word is a tiger. Now, what I'm going to do here, I'm going to write some sort of a feature, right? So, let's say the first feature is the…
Sunny Savita: King.
Sunny Savita: The second feature is I speak.
Sunny Savita: Okay? The third feature is going to be, let's say, run.
Sunny Savita: The third, fourth feature is going to be rich.
Sunny Savita: And the fifth one is going to be, let's say, teacher. T-E-A-C-H-E-R, okay? Now, what we have to do, guys, so here is a Sunny, here is a Tiger, so we have to rate between 0 to 1.
Sunny Savita: We have to rate between 0 to 1 for all this feature.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So tell me, Sunny's a king? Sunny is a king, guys. Tell me, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: No, right? So what I can do over here, what I can write? I can write… Zero.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear to all of you? Sunny can speak, Sunny can speak.
Sunny Savita: Sunny can speak? Yes, Sunny can speak.
Sunny Savita: 1.
Sunny Savita: Sunny can run.
Sunny Savita: We have to rate… you have to rate between 0 to 5… 0 to 1, guys, okay? So, Sunny can run, yes, Sunny can run, but not like Usain Bolt, not like Tiger, not like Cheetah, right? So, maybe I'm giving over here 0.6, okay?
Sunny Savita: 0.6. Now, let's say Sunny is rich.
Sunny Savita: No, Sunny is not rich, okay? So here I'm giving, let's say, 0. What should I give over here, guys?
Sunny Savita: That's a zero point.
Sunny Savita: 3. Okay? Sunny is a teacher, yes, Sunny is a teacher, by heart.
Sunny Savita: So, I'm writing over here, 1. Got it, guys? Now, over here, let me, write for the tiger also. So, Tiger King here, Tiger King Heh, yeah, nahi hek, right? So, what I can write over here? 0.
Sunny Savita: Tiger is… bull saktah hai. Tiger can speak.
Sunny Savita: No, Tiger cannot speak. Zero. Tiger can run, I think, better than me, maybe. Okay, so let's say zero point.
Sunny Savita: 9 over here. Tiger is a rich.
Sunny Savita: Tiger is a rich dude? No.
Sunny Savita: 0. Tiger's a teacher? No.
Sunny Savita: 0. So, guys, this exact analogy, actually, we are using inside the Word2Back.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be represent our data, our words.
Sunny Savita: into the vector, see if I wanted to represent the sunny now, this is just an analogy, actually.
Sunny Savita: Actually, this thing is being happened using the model. So how I can represent the Sunny? 0, 1, 0.6, 0.3, 1.
Sunny Savita: Is this a vector? Can anyone tell me the dimension of this particular vector? Can anyone tell me the dimension of this particular vector? The dimension of this particular vector is going to be 1 cross 5, or simply, I can say 5-dimension vector.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no? Yes or no? Tell me yes or no. So, Google has given you one model, right? Google has given you one model. What was the dimension of that model?
Sunny Savita: What was the dimension of that model? 300 dimension of that model. How many features would be there over there? How many features would be there?
Sunny Savita: 300 features broad. 300 features, right? 300 features would be there.
Sunny Savita: How many features I took over here, how many features I took over here, just to represent the word.
Sunny Savita: 5 features. And how many features would be there inside the Google model? 300 features.
Sunny Savita: This, I written by myself. This is a manual example, just an analogy.
Sunny Savita: But this entire thing is happening using the models, okay? We are teaching to our model, we are teaching to our model, and that model is going to be…
Sunny Savita: Neural network model. That model is going to be what? Neural network model. Making sense to all of you? Yes or no? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: If you're learning means, you are able to learn… sorry, you are able to understand this particular concept? Okay. If you're not, let's take one more example. Let's visualize something. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm going to do, guys, I'm going to visualize something. So, let's take one more example with a visualization.
Sunny Savita: I have 3Xs, okay?
Sunny Savita: One excess.
Sunny Savita: Second axis, and the third axis.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, over the x-axis, I have one feature, let's the feature is a strong.
Sunny Savita: Over the y-axis, we have one more feature. Let's say the feature is a human.
Sunny Savita: And over the JEDx says, let's say we have a feature. Feature is what? What I can write, guys, tell me.
Sunny Savita: What would you suggest? So here, let's say…
Sunny Savita: The next feature is the hard work.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, I have 3 words.
Sunny Savita: First word is going to be, let's say, man.
Sunny Savita: Second, let's say, going to be woman.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, second word is going to be woman.
Sunny Savita: woman.
Sunny Savita: And third word, let's say, going to be child.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, here is what? Here is the numbers. Focus, guys, it is an important one. You will understand the complete analogy behind the vectors, okay?
Sunny Savita: 3, 4, 5?
Sunny Savita: 6, okay? Now here also, let's say 1.
Sunny Savita: 2… 3?
Sunny Savita: 4?
Sunny Savita: 5, 6… Now, here also, let's say 1.
Sunny Savita: 2?
Sunny Savita: 3… 4… 5 and 6.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, how many dimensions we have, how many features we have, how many features we have.
Sunny Savita: Can't even tell me how many features we have? So, we have 3 features. Means we are going to be represent man.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be represent man with 3 features.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We are going to be represent women, In 3 features.
Sunny Savita: We are going to represent the child in the three features.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So what all 3 features we have? What all 3 features we have? The first feature is a strong
Sunny Savita: The second, basically, is going to be a human.
Sunny Savita: And third is going to be a hard work.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, man is as strong? How much would you like to rate to men?
Sunny Savita: Mango kitna read karoge strongness. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: 0 to 1, 1, 2, 3. Let's say, men, I'm saying 5. Okay, 5.
Sunny Savita: Man is a human. Man is a human. Yes, man is a human. Okay, 6. Let's say 6. Man is a hardworking. Man is a hardworking.
Sunny Savita: Sometimes, so let's say 4, okay? So this is my man vector. This is what? This is my man vector, this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, this vector, how I can represent? I can represent like this. 5.
Sunny Savita: 6, and 4.
Sunny Savita: This is who… who is this? It's a man vector. Is it clear to all of you how we are going to be representing this man in terms of numbers?
Sunny Savita: Okay, now let's understand the woman. So, woman is a strong one. Woman is as strong? Yes or no? Yes. Woman is as strong, right? So, woman is as strong, so let's say woman, 6. I will give… I will rate 6. Or maybe if I could rate 10 or 100, I would do that, okay?
Sunny Savita: Woman is a hardworking? Yes. Woman is a hardworking. So, I'll write 6 over here, okay? I'll give 6. You can give anything, whatever. Woman is a human? Yes. Woman is a human, right? So, here, I would say this is the vector of the woman.
Sunny Savita: Guys, I cannot do very perfectly, but I'm doing it. So here is a woman.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So here, let's say I'm giving 666 to woman.
Sunny Savita: Now, let's talk about the child, okay? So, child… child, basically is strong, child is as strong.
Sunny Savita: Childers are strong.
Sunny Savita: Yes, child is as strong. So here, let's say, someone is saying child is as strong. So I'm giving 2 over here to the child, okay? Child is a human, yes, child is a human, let's say 6. And child is a hardworking, not like men and women, so he's having very less responsibility, so I'm giving, let's say.
Sunny Savita: 3 over here, okay? So how I can represent this child vector? Can I represent like this? CHILD?
Sunny Savita: How you can represent 2?
Sunny Savita: then I can say over here, 6. Then… 3.
Sunny Savita: Now, did you understand, guys, how to represent these words in terms of features?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me, guys. Sir, XYPEQ Rukia, abi k7?
Sunny Savita: how I can draw in 3D this thing, huh? So, just think it is a 3D one. Okay, just assume that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, because my plane is 2D now, so that's why I draw in 2D.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, this is a manual example, but this will be taken care by the algorithm.
Sunny Savita: Are you able to understand the analogy behind the bag of words now?
Sunny Savita: Are you able to understand the analogy behind the bag of words now? Yes or no, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: I think everyone is able to understand, okay? So, feature is what? Feature is a characteristic. So, how's the learning so far? Are you able to learn? I think, whatever I have written over here. Now, guys, let's take one more example, and after that, guys, I will come to the conclusion, okay? So, what I'm doing here,
Sunny Savita: I am going to… just a second… I'm going to take one more example. I am, writing a couple of more terms over here.
Sunny Savita: We'll come to the practical, guys. Okay, after that, we'll come to the practical, and then I will show you how it is being taken care by the embedded… this neural network model. So, let's say we have 5 features. The first feature is a gender.
Sunny Savita: The next feature is a wealth.
Sunny Savita: The next feature, let's say power.
Sunny Savita: Okay, again, this is the analogy, this is a verbal example. That's it. Now, here, let's say the next example is a wait.
Sunny Savita: The next example is I speak.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And I have 5 words over here.
Sunny Savita: The first word, let's say, is going to be king.
Sunny Savita: The second is going to be Queen.
Sunny Savita: Okay? The next word is going to be, let's say, man.
Sunny Savita: The next is going to be women.
Sunny Savita: And the last one is going to be, let's say, monkey.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, what we have to do, we have to rate these particular words.
Sunny Savita: Between 0 to 1, based on these features.
Sunny Savita: Making sense or not, tell me, guys, yes or no. Will you be able to do it along with me? Yes or no? Okay, let's start. So if you are saying, if we are saying, guys, king, king, king is having a gender, right?
Sunny Savita: means he's a male or female, something like that. I will… I will write 1 over here.
Sunny Savita: King is a wealthy.
Sunny Savita: King Isabeli, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I would say yes. King is a wealthy. 0.99, whatever. King is having power, yes. King is having power. Let's say 0.99. King is having weight, yes. King is having weight, right? So let's say 0.7. King can speak, yes. Absolutely, he can speak.
Sunny Savita: So, here I written king 11111. Queen. Now tell me, guys, queen. Queen is our… queen is having gender, yes.
Sunny Savita: Weldy, he's a weldy.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, C is a wealthy, yes. Queen is a wealthy, but maybe less than, king, so 0.8. Queen is having power, yes, but maybe less than, king.
Sunny Savita: King is… queen is having weight, yes, maybe? Less… more than, king, okay. And king… queen can speak, yes. Let's say queen can speak, so I'm giving 1 over here.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, men. So, man is having gender. Yes. Man is wealthy.
Sunny Savita: Yes, men is wealthy, but not like king and queen. So, over here, I will give 0.5. Men is having power, yeah, but maybe less than this queen, king, and queen. So I will give, maybe, 0.4 over here.
Sunny Savita: Weight-wise, yes, king is also… man is also weight, having weight like king. I can give 0.7 over here, 0.8, whatever, right? And man can also speak.
Sunny Savita: Now, woman, guys, woman is having zender. Woman is having wealth, yes, it is having, let's say, 0.4. Yes, she's also having power, so let's say 0.3. She's having weight, yes, let's say 0.8.
Sunny Savita: And she can speak? Yes, she can speak. Now, we're talking about the monkey, guys. So, yes, monkey's having zender, monkey's having zero wealth.
Sunny Savita: Zero power.
Sunny Savita: And weight is something like 0.1, and it cannot speak properly.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so is it clear, guys, to all of you? Tell me yes or no. Now, if I'm going to be right like this, if you're going to be right like this, see, can I represent king like this? If I'm going to say king.
Sunny Savita: Can I represent this king like this? Can I represent king like this? 1.
Sunny Savita: 0.99, 0.7, and 1.
Sunny Savita: Okay, okay, guys, can you hear me now? Am I audible? Sorry, I… by mistake, it got mute.
Sunny Savita: Just give me a second, I'm checking, wait.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now I think I'm audible. So, guys, tell me, did you understand this vector or not? How to create this vector?
Sunny Savita: It is again a verbal example. So let's say if I'm going to be right like this.
Sunny Savita: If I'm going to be right like this, King.
Sunny Savita: minus men.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: plus woman.
Sunny Savita: So, what it is going to be, can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: King minus man plus woman, so it's going to be equal to… Queen.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Queen. This is a classical example of the word to back.
Sunny Savita: If you will see the word-to-back, right? So, this is a very classical example of the word-to-back. Now, did you understand how this all the… how all this entire thing is coming?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, let me do the calculation over here. You can do the calculation. What you can do, this is the king vector.
Sunny Savita: 1, 1, 0.99.
Sunny Savita: 0.7 and 1.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: minus… 1, 0.5.
Sunny Savita: 0.4, 0.7, and 1, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, plus this vector.
Sunny Savita: 1, 0.4, 0.3, 0.8, and 1. So if you are going to do the arithmetic operation, this vector operation.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, you will be getting vector which is very close to this queen vector.
Sunny Savita: If you're going to do this entire multiplication, if you're going to do this entire multiplication, so you will get the vector which will be very, very close to this.
Sunny Savita: queen vector.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, using this word embedding.
Sunny Savita: We were able to do.
Sunny Savita: Duh?
Sunny Savita: vector operation.
Sunny Savita: And it was quite accurate also.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: How it is equal to the queen vector, what is the logic? Okay, let's understand the logic.
Sunny Savita: King is a man.
Sunny Savita: King is a man, tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: From this king, I'm going to remove the man features, whatever man is having.
Sunny Savita: Okay, whatever man is having, I'm going to be remove those features from here. Sorry, from those… from those values, I'm going to be removed from the king. Okay? If I'm going to be remove the man features, man values, right, from the king.
Sunny Savita: Now, those is having some value. Now, over here, if I'm going to be at the woman, woman, okay, that woman values, woman.
Sunny Savita: So, king, right? Kinky values, those values, and then woman. After adding, it will form the queen.
Sunny Savita: Okay? I remove the men essence, I remove the men essence from the king.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point or not. And then I added the woman essence over there, so it's going to become the queen, basically.
Sunny Savita: Making sense or not, guys? Tell me, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So, here I've given you the manual example.
Sunny Savita: But this entire thing is going to be happen, guys, kise horaisarachis, it's going to be happen using the model.
Sunny Savita: Using the deep learning. Using the neural network.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, two more slides is there. Should I go in today's class, or in the next class, we can understand? And then, guys, we'll jump to the transformer and the transformer embedding.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And guys, I think, it will take one more class only to finish this embedding chapter.
Sunny Savita: One more class.
Sunny Savita: So, tell me, guys, I think we can take in the next class, let it be, like, till here only.
Sunny Savita: What says? Is it fine to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Okay, next class makarte, Aramze, okay? Kujaldi we are here for next 6 months. Hojayga, okay? Dire, dire.
Sunny Savita: So, one more class for the embedding, guys, and then you are going to become champion in the embedding.
Sunny Savita: And after that, guys, I will…
Sunny Savita: After completing the transformer, guys, we'll deep dive into the APIs and the fine-tuning. Different, different LLM and the fine-tuning, okay?
Sunny Savita: We'll explore that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, this is the assignment. You can go through with this particular assignment.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, are you enjoying the learning along with me? Yes or no? I think yes. Yes, then give me a quick thumbs up.
Sunny Savita: So that, I can make it, like, more useful for all of you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I'm raising the pole, you can give your thoughts over there.
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Can you see the poll now? You can give your ratings over there. It is very important, guys, for me.
Sunny Savita: And, you can, give the best possible, whatever you think, okay?
Sunny Savita: Please tell me how to create a custom model. Seeking E, next class, Miss Seeking Gay, okay? We'll learn in the next class, don't worry, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, what we are going to do here, so here, basically, you have to do this assignment, right? So let me open the assignment. Everyone is able to see the assignment, I already shared in the GitHub, please check it out that.
Sunny Savita: Please check out that, please open the assignment, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay, is Word2Back completed? No. To be continued, so I have to teach you one more thing, means how this thing is happening using the model, okay? How this thing is being happened using the model, this one, this particular thing, this entire thing. Okay, I have to teach you that, and then a very simple practical.
Sunny Savita: Very simple, practical, guys, that's it. I think it will take 2 more hours, that's it, and we are going to complete it, okay? Ache se will learn about the SOTA technique, latest technique.
Sunny Savita: Yes, FastText is also inspired from the WordPag. So, FastText is an improved version
Sunny Savita: Fast text, actually. It's an improved version.
Sunny Savita: improved version of the WorldTube Bank.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys. Yeah, average word 2-pack also. I included that inside of Practical. I'll do that, right? So, guys, I am going to, so what I'm… I'm giving you this particular assignment, you have to do it, guys, and everyone, everyone, please focus now. This is the assignment, very important. Focus over here.
Sunny Savita: So what is a problem statement, guys? You have to be building a text preprocessing pipeline for a company, okay? That wants to analyze real user-generated text data, such as review and comments, okay?
Sunny Savita: and convert them into the numerical features for machine learning models. You're tasked to collect real-world data.
Sunny Savita: And implement one-hot encoding bag of words and TF IDF on top of it.
Sunny Savita: Now, how to collect the data? So this, like this, you have to collect the data.
Sunny Savita: From Flipkart or Amazon, you can collect the data.
Sunny Savita: You can, use the Selenium Beautiful Soup, or any reliable scrapping method.
Sunny Savita: You can store the data inside the CSV, or in any format, whichever, wherever you want it to do, and so your data is clean and readable, okay?
Sunny Savita: And then, do not scrap restricted or sensitive data.
Sunny Savita: So, is it clear to all of you how to collect the data?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear? Okay. Now, after that, guys, what you will do, you will perform the preprocessing on top of that. So, perform the pre-processing, okay? How to collect the data? Scrapping. You have to do the scrapping now. It's an assignment, okay? I'm not going to help you. No, I will not teach you how to do the scrapping. Learn it from your end.
Sunny Savita: Understand from your end, I introduced the co-pilot. See, here is a co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: Give the… give this instruction to the co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Copy it, paste it over here.
Sunny Savita: See?
Sunny Savita: Cloud, Copilot, ChatGPT, anything you can use without any hesitation, because in industry, we are doing that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Just give it to the co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: Now, right over here.
Sunny Savita: Give me the code.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now see. It's going to be generate the code. So guys, please learn that thing. I'm not going to teach you this assignment. Again, I'm saying.
Sunny Savita: I will provide you the solution, but I'm not going to discuss this assignment, okay?
Sunny Savita: see? It has given me a code. Now, guys, can you not test out this code inside your system?
Sunny Savita: Can you not test out this entire code inside your system?
Sunny Savita: It has given you the code, no? We can test, you can test it. What is the issue with this?
Sunny Savita: You can use the advanced version. Let's say if I'm going to… if I'm going to provide the same thing, let's say I'm going to open the cloud. Okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: Claude, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, to the cloud, I am passing a same instruction.
Sunny Savita: Now, here I'm writing.
Sunny Savita: Give me.
Sunny Savita: a quote.
Sunny Savita: Now, see you guys.
Sunny Savita: Claude is going to do your assignment.
Sunny Savita: So, you are going to be work as a supervisor now, you are going to be work with an AI coding assistant, okay? And you have to use AI Coding Assistant. It's mandatory for all of you.
Sunny Savita: Use ChatGPT. See, this is the code.
Sunny Savita: Now, can you not use this code?
Sunny Savita: And guys, see, it is very important to use the AI Coding assistant and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, have you heard about the Oracle?
Sunny Savita: what Oracle did.
Sunny Savita: Fire kartia logo.
Sunny Savita: One of my friends was working from last 13 years inside the Oracle. He got fired.
Sunny Savita: Okay. People are working in… from last 25 years, he also got fired.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, don't underestimate the, like, use of the AI. SirQ starting code, like, SirQ, copy-paste karayo code. I got some of the query. Sir, why you are copy-pasting the single line of the code. Alright, AI is writing the entire code. See?
Sunny Savita: Now, what you will say?
Sunny Savita: If you're not going to use this techna, you will be the first person who will be in the next layoff.
Sunny Savita: Again, I'm saying, if you don't know how to use Cloud Scale, how to use this AI Coding assistant and all, you could be the next person, which could be layoff, actually.
Sunny Savita: So don't hesitate to write a code using the AI Coding Assistant, okay, to write a code using the cloud and all.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Great? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now over here, guys, see, data set is there, and then preprocessing, you have to do the pre-processing of the data, vocabulary creation, okay, you know how to do that. Feature engineering, I think you know how to do that. Now, I have added one more extra step over here. Real-world question.
Sunny Savita: So what… sorry, mini use case, guys, this one. So what you can do, you can go, build any classification system using the basic name bias and the logistic regression algorithm, okay? Whether the sentiment of the data is a positive or the negative, right? Something like that. First, you can, get the trained data, okay?
Sunny Savita: You can add some tag and all over there, and you can train the model, and then you can make a prediction from there.
Sunny Savita: And this is the deliverable, guys. This one.
Sunny Savita: Gordon, getting my point?
Sunny Savita: Yes? So how many of you will try this assignment?
Sunny Savita: How many of you are going to be tried this assignment?
Sunny Savita: Everyone, right? Please try it. Seventh is going to be to build a model, actually. For that, you can check out the prerequisite. Now, do you want me to check the power of the Claude, sorry, not Claude, it's a claud, right? It's Indian Ascent, huh? So here, I'm giving the file to the cloud, just a second.
Sunny Savita: What I'm going to do… just a second, this is the… But…
Sunny Savita: So, I'm giving this file, and I'm asking to the cloud, Do. This.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, I can write over here.
Sunny Savita: Do this assignment for me.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, here you guys see now what it is going to do.
Sunny Savita: So, now, what is your role, guys? So, here you are going to do the reverse learning. Reverse learning means what? Everyone is doing reverse learning, even I am doing that.
Sunny Savita: So, there is a use case.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Build it with the AI, Then verify it by yourself.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And then… get it done.
Sunny Savita: Let's say while verifying, if your fundamental is not as strong.
Sunny Savita: They'll learn from the classes, Learn from the AI itself.
Sunny Savita: Learn from the prerequisite.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys?
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Yes or no? So, if you have a use case, then build it using the AI, and then verify it by yourself.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now see, guys, I think CloudNet banabi the Aogapura, let me check it now that…
Sunny Savita: So, it will generate in some time.
Sunny Savita: Should you not understand the code AI rod? Yes, we should understand that, okay? We should go through with the code, we should understand what this is writing. I will do my job. I will teach you like this only.
Sunny Savita: Whatever code I have written over here now, I will write like this only, guys. This one, step-by-step, okay? But I'm telling you the way how to do that, how to work in an industry, guys.
Sunny Savita: Please understand it is very much important to use the AI Coding Assistant, okay? So make a habit. Make a habit. And I will tell you how to submit this assignment, I will inform you inside the group itself. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Is CloudA free to use? I think it is taking some subscription and all. Check out that, okay? So, if it is required to you, you can take that.
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys, so I think we are done with today's session, so I hope you liked. Now we are going for the doubt session, and let it generate, okay? You can try it from your end. Fine?
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys, thank you, bye-bye, take care. If you have any doubt, be here, I'll be taking the doubts now.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, guys, thank you, bye, take care. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I'll see you in the next class, and do we have class on, next, Wednesday or not? You will get that on, Tuesday, okay? On Tuesday, I will inform you about it.
Sunny Savita: So, fine guys, putting a timer for 5 minutes, I will start the doubt session after the 5 minute. Thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: This is my email, guys. There will be at the rate, okay? Please check. Say sandserivas3365 at the rate.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: No, I think we don't have any updated thing. I can update the notes only. Just a second, guys. I can fetch a note from here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, I updated the notes also, you can take it from here. Thank you, guys. Bye, take care. If you have doubt, be here, I will start the doubt session after the 5 minute.
Sunny Savita: Thank you very much, guys. Good night, bye-bye, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, can we start with a doubt session? If you have any doubt, you can raise the hand.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I think… we're gonna start.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so if you have any sort of a doubt, you can raise the hand. I will give you the access, you can discuss your doubts one by one.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, what I am seeing from past, 2 days, actually… sorry, from past 3 to 4 classes,
Sunny Savita: I think, many people are having doubts, right? But, some of them, are not being,
Sunny Savita: means I'm not able to clarify, right? On the time. Maybe they are dropping the session, or, like, it's a late night, right? By late night, they are here in the meeting till 1.30, 2 o'clock, right? Sometime.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, what I'm thinking, yes is also there in the backend, okay? So I'm forwarding a couple of people to Yes as well, so you can clarify, the doubts over there itself, okay?
Sunny Savita: If it is being clarified, it is fine. If it is not, you can, again, come to me. So, how's this idea, guys? Tell me. If you have any sort of a issue, means,
Sunny Savita: whatever doubts and all. So I will forward you one link, you can join, that, Google link, okay? Google Meet link, and you can ask the doubt over there as well. So that, like, likewise, guys, we can, reduce the flow.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Means, couple of doubt I can clarify, couple of yes can clarify, okay? If yes maybe is not able to answer for any sort of a query, right? You can again come to me. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: No, no, I think that is not fruitful, right? Because, again, people, like, right? So, if you are learning over here, then ask the doubt immediately. Okay, that is our philosophy.
Sunny Savita: So, we are not going to be conduct on, again on Wednesday and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So fine, guys, I'm giving you the access, you can raise the hand, you can discuss your doubt and all everything with me.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Manasa, please go ahead, what's your doubt?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Manasa, are you there? Please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Pooja, what's your doubt? Please go ahead, Pooja.
Sunny Savita: Can you hear me, Pooja? Please go ahead. What's your doubt?
Pooja: Hey, hi Sunny, hope I'm audible, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Pooja: Yes, so just wanted to check on one thing, actually. You mentioned that, in Word2Wec, we have 300 dimensions mentioned by Google only, right?
Pooja: And those dimensions we can say as features as well, right? Let me know if my understanding is correct or not.
Sunny Savita: Yes, correct. Invert-to-back model, the Google… in Google model, actually, we have 300, features, actually.
Pooja: Okay, so there are some other, models as well, except Google, or, Word2Bec has designed, but Google only, so.
Sunny Savita: No, word-to-back model is given by the Google only, we have just only one model from the Google, but we can train our own custom model, okay?
Pooja: Okay, so in that case, consider these 300 features only, so you give some examples. If I have some feature that is not presenting Google features or dimension, then in that case, I will have to write my own custom model, or…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you will have to recreate your own custom model, correct.
Pooja: Okay, I just wanted to check on that part, that how I can come to know that virtual feature is present in Google Word2VAC, like…
Sunny Savita: No, that is a black box, actually. We will not get to know what all features are there, actually.
Pooja: So, in that case.
Sunny Savita: I will show you the… I will show you that practically, okay? Don't worry, in the next class, we'll discuss that practically, but yeah. Unfortunately, we will not be able to get what all features are there. Okay, it is a black box, basically. Model did not reveal that part.
Pooja: Okay, so if I am doing something, and that particular feature is not present in Google, then in that case, I will be getting some error that this particular feature is not present, something like that?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you might get error, or you might not get a good result. Both could.
Pooja: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Pooja: Okay, okay, yeah, so that was my throat, yeah. Thanks, thanks.
Pooja: Funny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you, ma'am. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Nabi, are you there? What's your doubt? Please go ahead.
Nabi: Hi, Sunia, I'm edible.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you are audible.
Nabi: Yeah, we met, during the data science, classes, two years back.
Nabi: This is the third session I've been taking with you.
Nabi: Thanks for the session, Sunny. And, coming to the note, as I see in the last, session.
Sunny Savita: Sick.
Nabi: for the, for OHE, that is… One… One secular.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, I didn't get, can you please come again?
Nabi: Yeah, yeah, one second, huh?
Nabi: That is, one hot… I thought.
Nabi: Yeah, let me open at this point.
Sunny Savita: We're not encoding.
Nabi: Yeah, yeah, one-hot encoding, in that, you have said, there are two approaches. One is, sentence, representation, the other one is documentation repre- sorry, word representation.
Nabi: Is my understanding correct? There are two approaches, you know, for the one hot ignor.
Sunny Savita: That one or two encoded vector, we can show in two ways, actually. Okay, direct document representation, 0101. Second is the word-level representation, which we generally use in the RNN, LSTM kind of model, okay?
Nabi: Yes, correct. So, in that,
Nabi: I have seen the, I mean, the example you have shown for the word search one, that is, word representation level. But, I don't find the code for the sentence representation level. When I ask the.
Sunny Savita: See, inside the… see, in the model, right, whatever models we are going to be used, we are generally going to be… create that word-level representation of the vector, okay? If you wanted to create a document level, you can write your own custom logic for that, okay?
Nabi: Oh, okay, okay. So… so which one is a better one? The sentence one, or word representation?
Sunny Savita: Deep learning, word level 1. Okay.
Nabi: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Nabi: For sentence 1, which uses.
Sunny Savita: Just for the older model, logistic regression and all, right? Logistic regression and the… for classical use case, which we are solving with the classical machine learning model and all, that's it.
Nabi: Oh, okay, okay, got it. And the other one is that I'm a bit confused on this dimension and vector size, actually.
Nabi: So, vector size is like a number of vocabulary that is a vector size, no?
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, no, no.
Sunny Savita: See, vector size… see, we have a data, we are going to create a vocabulary, right? Now, how many words is there inside the vocabulary? Let's say 10 words, right? So, vector size is going to be 10. The dimension of the vector is going to be 10.
Sunny Savita: So, vector size is equal to number of words inside the vocabulary, okay, is equal to number of… is equal to dimension of the vector, okay?
Nabi: Oh, so, sorry, coming in, I ain't got confused.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, let me explain you that, right?
Sunny Savita: See, we have a data.
Nabi: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Now, from the data, we have created a vocabulary.
Nabi: Exactly. In the keywords, it will be…
Sunny Savita: Now, let's say inside the vocabulary we have… 10,000… sorry, 1,000 watts.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Nabi: is…
Sunny Savita: So what is going to be size of the vector?
Nabi: Size of vector, it would be, 1000.
Sunny Savita: Certainly, 1000 only.
Nabi: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Size of the vector is going to be thousand, or size of the dimension, sorry, the dimension of the vector is going to be 1000 only, okay?
Sunny Savita: No, sir.
Nabi: Okay, so…
Sunny Savita: example, you will get it. Just revisit my example, you will get it, okay?
Nabi: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I have gone through the one, so, but here only I got out.
Sunny Savita: If it is.
Nabi: matrice level, then we'll be saying as a row by column, no? So, in that case, dimension, it will be, like, a 3x2 or 2x3, something it will be.
Sunny Savita: No, dimension could be like this only, you know, 1 by 1000, right? That is a dimension, that's it. Okay.
Nabi: Okay.
Sunny Savita: There is also a matrix, row matrix, column metrics, that's it. Either contains a vector or matrix, okay?
Nabi: So, if it is multiple rows and columns, then vector size also will be representation by the dimension.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be club multiple vector, like this, let's say this is my one vector, now this is my another vector. So this will become a vector now, that's it, okay?
Nabi: Exactly.
Nabi: So, in this matrix, if I say what is the vector size, then, what I need to say? Is it a workable,
Sunny Savita: I can say 2.
Sunny Savita: Into 1000. Two rows, thousand columns, 1000 dimension.
Nabi: Okay, so dimension equal to vector size, correctly?
Sunny Savita: Totally.
Sunny Savita: Dimension, basically, is representing a number of features.
Nabi: Okay, okay, gotcha.
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Nabi: Got yourself. And a general question, one. In the last session, you said you have been attending interviews on this engineering and all.
Nabi: So, still, interviewer asking about, syntax things and all.
Nabi: Or only approach things only they are expecting.
Sunny Savita: In, some interviews, means,
Sunny Savita: not in every interview. Some good companies
Sunny Savita: They ask about the DSA and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: In some companies, again, just to check your knowledge, programming knowledge, they can ask you some code and all, okay? But in real time, we are going to work with a coding assistant only.
Sunny Savita: You're not going to write code manually. No one is going to write code manually now.
Sunny Savita: From past one year, I'm seeing that no one, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, DSA, basic coding and all, basic to intermediate coding, just to correct the interview.
Nabi: Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: But the work, basically, we are going to do using the AI only now.
Nabi: Exactly, exactly. Because, why I'm asking is, the syntax and all, RAG syntax and all, it will be a little, complex or difficult to, keep in mind, actually, syntax, those things and all. So, interview perspective, RAG-level syntax and all. In the RAG coding also, we'll be having, some…
Sunny Savita: No, they don't… people don't ask to write a rack coding and all. They will ask you the project concept and all. They will ask you the core code and coding and all. They will give you the logic, you have to write a code, that's it.
Nabi: Okay.
Nabi: Okay, okay, understood, yeah.
Nabi: Those are Sunny. Thank you, thanks for…
Sunny Savita: Okay, sir, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Now, Charles, what's your doubt?
Charles Fon: Yes, I got, I got a doubt, since, since, since the order they bought mine.
Charles Fon: My V is good.
Charles Fon: I think I need to share it, because it's giving me stress.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, I…
Charles Fon: And that's it.
Sunny Savita: Charles, can you please come on?
Charles Fon: I mean?
Charles Fon: I said, my VS Code.
Charles Fon: Okay, okay, what I'm having, I'm having problem with.
Charles Fon: I've struggled… Yeah, yeah, I've struggled to solve it, he can't… I can't resolve it.
Sunny Savita: Wait, I'm editing a panelist.
Sunny Savita: Yo, please share the screen.
Sunny Savita: Charles, please share the screen.
Charles Fon: Yeah, I'm trying to share the screen.
Charles Fon: I think it should be all…
Sunny Savita: Blue Shield.
Charles Fon: Yeah.
Charles Fon: Can you see my screen?
Charles Fon: Cheers.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yes, I can see.
Charles Fon: Yes, it's… I'm trying… even… it's from, encoding and… Embedding.
Charles Fon: So, that's what I'm having a problem with. See, CD, CD, see what…
Charles Fon: The, the, the word is given.
Sunny Savita: Just… just give me the access of the screen, I'll check.
Charles Fon: approved.
Charles Fon: Oh, hmm.
Sunny Savita: Why this ENV environment is not coming here?
Charles Fon: That's a problem facing.
Charles Fon: I've struggled, I went to ChatGPT, canceled.
Charles Fon: Yeah, that's what it's also doing like that.
Sunny Savita: Copy this command, the last command, see user, Charles, and all, this one.
Charles Fon: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Write it over the terminal, and do it.
Sunny Savita: Copy it and paste it over the terminal.
Sunny Savita: Remove this, single quote from… in the starting of the command, from the starting of the command, right?
Charles Fon: Which one?
Sunny Savita: In the starting of the command, see single quote is there, no? Remove that.
Charles Fon: Okay.
Charles Fon: It is the sea.
Sunny Savita: Before C, you can see the single quote is there, right? Remove that. In the starting of the command, the single quote is there. Remove that.
Charles Fon: I don't understand.
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Charles Fon: Okay, okay,
Sunny Savita: You are showing managers whether these pythons are managed?
Sunny Savita: the UB…
Sunny Savita: Narend is saying I had the same issue, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Janelle, you're gonna speak.
Narendra Chundi: Yeah, hi Sunny, are you able to hear me?
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can hear you.
Narendra Chundi: Am I arguable?
Narendra Chundi: Hi, Sunia, am I audible?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, you are audible.
Narendra Chundi: Yeah, the problem here is, we need to, install, IPY kernel in the environment. That's what I did, it got sorted to me.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, he can do it, but that environment is not visible over there, don't know why. Okay, do one thing, Charles. You installed the Recon.txt, right, inside the virtual environment, correct?
Charles Fon: Yes, I did that. I already installed that.
Sunny Savita: Just, do one thing, just write ubpip install IPY kernel over the terminal, do it, write it down there.
Charles Fon: Okay.
Sunny Savita: UB pipipinstall, ubpip install, IPY kernel, write that.
Sunny Savita: Kernel, write it this. Yeah, hit enter.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now after the installation, you can reload the window, this VS Code window.
Charles Fon: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Wait, let it, let it install. It is installing. Wait.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it is done, now do one thing.
Sunny Savita: Click on the View and Command Palette. View.
Sunny Savita: Wheel?
Charles Fon: You're with me.
Sunny Savita: Then Command Pellet, yeah, first one, View, Command Pellet.
Charles Fon: Is…
Sunny Savita: Now here, write reload Window. Write reload window.
Sunny Savita: Reload Window, huh? See, this is a… there is an option, reload Window. Click on the Developer Reload Window.
Sunny Savita: Now, open your IPvindv file, and select the kernel.
Charles Fon: Which one? This one?
Charles Fon: Is there a little…
Sunny Savita: Detect the kernel, click on that, close this one. Yeah. Now click on that.
Sunny Savita: Now select another kernel.
Sunny Savita: Select another kernel.
Charles Fon: See?
Charles Fon: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Python environment.
Sunny Savita: Oh, first one, first option, select the first one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now run your… run your cell. It will work. Got it?
Charles Fon: That's cool.
Sunny Savita: Run yourself, it will work.
Sunny Savita: Is it worth?
Charles Fon: Thank you very much.
Charles Fon: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Thank goodness.
Charles Fon: Thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: Yes. Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so next doubt is, guys, whoever is having doubt, please raise the hand.
Sunny Savita: Now, Arjit, Bala, Shankar, or Amul. Guys, please go ahead.
ARIJIT MITRA: Yeah, hi, Sunny.
bala personal: Yeah, hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Wait one by one. ERG, please go ahead.
ARIJIT MITRA: Yeah, hope you're doing good. I just, have one query. So, in machine learning, we do feature selection, right, to find the features which drags the signal and keep them and remove the irrelevant features. So, in NLP or
ARIJIT MITRA: Domain, do we perform feature selection or dimensionality reduction?
Sunny Savita: We can do that.
Sunny Savita: It is possible, actually.
ARIJIT MITRA: Okay, but in industry and projects, from your expertise, what would you say means, is it performed, or due to the compute power we have, as of today, we just pass as it is, the high-dimensional vectors?
Sunny Savita: No, see, there is some cons also. It's not like that we just have compute power, we can do anything, correct?
Sunny Savita: If we are, like, if we want to optimize the model, then why need to provide the unnecessary feature, which is not relevant?
Sunny Savita: Right?
ARIJIT MITRA: Oh, jail.
Sunny Savita: So, we can, reduce that, so that model will be, like,
Sunny Savita: Model will be super optimized, it will perform well.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and it will not focus on the unnecessary feature, which is not at all required. Got it?
ARIJIT MITRA: Okay, so in case of means, DL models also, if you use.
Sunny Savita: Dl model, same. Supervised… if we are doing supervised learning, we can take that step, feature selection step in the supervised learning.
ARIJIT MITRA: Okay, like chi-squared test, or we can, do dimensionality reduction using PCL, something like that.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct. That we can perform. Any manual logic also we can apply, okay?
ARIJIT MITRA: Okay, okay, okay, got it, got it, okay, thank you, that's all for… thank you so much, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir, thank you. Thank you. Next out is, Sankar, please go ahead.
Sankar USA: Yeah, so, the biggest question, like, so we can perform it in the fine-tuning, or those kind of… where do we exactly perform that dimensional prediction and all?
Sankar USA: In what phase?
Sunny Savita: He's asking about the… see, he's asking about the machine learning perspective, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, machine learning and deep learning, where we do the training from scratch, not that pre-trained model and all, okay?
Sankar USA: Okay, in pre-trained model, we cannot do that, right? Like, even in fine-tuning…
Sunny Savita: Retrain is already trained by someone else now, so how we can do that?
Sankar USA: Okay, okay, got it. So I'm thinking, like, any fine-tuning, or, like, PEPT, LoRa, those kind of places, maybe we're doing it. But anyways, then…
Sunny Savita: That's our territory.
Sankar USA: Okay, yeah, and .
Sunny Savita: Training is different, actually.
Sankar USA: Okay, yeah. So, my question is, like, you see, we're talking about encodings and embeddings currently, right? So, like, the vertebac, or, this bag of words, or all these, these are, like, encodings, right?
Sankar USA: Like, and embeddings will be, like, so, like, what is the use of encodings if we have embeddings? Is it like a… I mean, embeddings, can we say that it's the specialized version of encodings? I mean, from a basic sense?
Sunny Savita: So, see, that's what I'm saying now, again and again, how many times I repeated this thing, tell me.
Sunny Savita: IMC.
Sankar USA: butter.
Sunny Savita: Encoding, basically, earlier being used. Okay.
Sankar USA: Are you.
Sunny Savita: Here means when?
Sunny Savita: earlier.
Sankar USA: Order of the time.
Sunny Savita: 2015, 16, 17…
Sunny Savita: Right? But we need to understand the concept now? Like, why it was being used, what was the encoding and all. That's why I included this topic, because sometimes it is being asked in an interview also, okay?
Sankar USA: Good.
Sunny Savita: Nowadays, we have a state-of-art model. We can generate the proper embedding with that, and we can utilize that in any
Sunny Savita: At any of the plays, okay?
Sunny Savita: So you can say encoding is a legacy, and now we have our latest embedding models, which we can use at any places, okay?
Sankar USA: Yeah, yeah, I think I missed a little bit of the recordings, yeah, but I will try to cover up that. The other thing, like, see, if we are doing this generative way, I mean, if you want to, I mean, attend the general engineers, or,
Sankar USA: GenActics and all. So, are there any topics that will be missing after this course is done? Like, from the interview?
Sunny Savita: So the fundamental concept is being covered, but any new concept, new fee… sorry, any new framework, right, any new application is coming, you can learn that easily after this course, basically. So inside this course, all the fundamental is being covered, actually, okay?
Sankar USA: Okay, yeah. I think in previous courses, like, evals or fine-tuning, those things are not covered, which are important for engine. In this batch, you are going to cover all those things as well, right? Along with the cloud deployment.
Sunny Savita: fine-tuning, we'll cover the fine-tuning. You can learn from my YouTube also. I uploaded a very detailed playlist over the fine-tuning on my YouTube.
Sankar USA: Okay, yeah, your channel, right? Sure, yeah.
Sankar USA: Thanks a lot, sir.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
amoljamkar: Am I order to win?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Mood, please go ahead.
amoljamkar: Actually, I had one question. For the neural network we described, for the, for the world-to-watch, so, I mean, how is it able to find 300 best features out of, like, millions of words? Are we going to discuss this in next class?
Sunny Savita: By learning only, it finds. See, by learning only, it finds, and for that, also, we'll have to prepare the data, actually. So the next class, we'll learn that, sir.
amoljamkar: Okay, okay. And the other one is…
Sunny Savita: It's all about… again, it is all about the vocabulary only, so we'll learn that.
amoljamkar: Okay, and I think this was answered in the previous question or not. So, we cannot find the 300 feature website of the Word2X?
Sunny Savita: You cannot fine-tune the… sorry.
amoljamkar: No, no, can we find the 300 feature words, on the Word2Wec?
Sunny Savita: Those features, we cannot check. Actually, it's a black box, okay? We will never get to know what is all this feature, actually.
amoljamkar: And the final one was actually yesterday, I mean, we had, I mean, I had some issues in the VS codes, that's, that, like, regarding the JSON patch, so I tried to install it outside the OneDrive, directly under the C drive, but, and I tried with 3.11 as well as 3.12.
amoljamkar: Now, now as well, I'm not able to, I mean, and I also installed the Visual Studio, the C++, I think WordTools, that software. But still, I'm not able to resolve that issue. So, can I share my screen if you…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you're gonna shield.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Bala, what's your dog?
bala personal: Yeah, let me go.
bala personal: So actually, my devotee is that, yesterday I had done… go ahead.
amoljamkar: Yeah, okay, it's ALT plus S, right? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, share the screen? Yeah, Bala, what you were saying, please go ahead. Wait, wait, yeah, Bala.
bala personal: So, I had done with the assessment, actually, almost, yesterday. I was, TF up to TF ID5 was done.
bala personal: the problem, face is that, because we… yesterday I done with the complete two bank offers and 100 encoding, up to what we have discussed, ITF5, that's what I will do. So, up to that, to scratch, describe, you know, reviews from Clipkart or Amazon, right, I'm getting 403, actually.
bala personal: So, what I had done, I just put it in ACSVSMCA.
bala personal: Random reviews, and is it fine, right, for the assignment?
bala personal: I'm not even in the email.
Sunny Savita: please check with that PDF, sir. Please check with that PDF, okay?
bala personal: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I shared that PDF, no, assignment PDF, there I mention.
bala personal: Yeah, yeah, you… Yeah, Selenium, but I did not use Selenium. Just directly, I'm using a beautiful.
Sunny Savita: Oh, that is also fine, that is also fine, actually.
bala personal: Okay. And one more thing, one more thing, sir, actually. The doubt is that, main doubt is that.
bala personal: So we discuss about what to make, right? Neural network.
bala personal: So,
bala personal: We, we, we know, like, you know, like, we, you've given me a very good example of king, you know, spi, like, gender, wealth, power, weight, spi, and the king, twin, right? Associated weights and everything. Associated, you know, when you waited…
bala personal: like, we know, like, thing is a gender, but system doesn't know system is, you know, machine. How… how it knows, actually, how it's going to classify the things it's putting in, because
bala personal: Do you know from our research?
Sunny Savita: Mathematical model is there now. Mathematical model will know that. Okay.
Sunny Savita: We are talking about the mathematical model, the deep learning model. That will know, actually.
Sunny Savita: You are using ChatGPT, right?
bala personal: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Which model is being used there?
bala personal: I'm using the GPD for… GPD 5.0.
Sunny Savita: It is able to understand your questions, and it is able to generate the answer, right?
bala personal: Yeah, it's intelligence, actually.
Sunny Savita: So those intelligent models only we are going to be created, which will understand the context and all everything, okay? By learning, actually, we can do it.
Sunny Savita: We can learn the… drain the model, okay?
bala personal: He hears that, like, whatever given the exam, what to wake, right? What to wake also is, it's not a… it is not transformer, it is a neural network,
Sunny Savita: No, neural network also having a capability to learn till some extent, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay, transformer is an advanced neural network, actually.
bala personal: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you said that, yeah, yeah.
bala personal: Okay, so… but how mission no? King is a gender?
bala personal: That I… I'm not…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, machine. Not machine. Model will know that. Model is an intelligent one, not machine.
Sunny Savita: Okay, if we are still…
bala personal: talking about…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, talk about the model, yes, model only. AI model, that's it.
amoljamkar: Model will be trained on the text, right? So it will…
Sunny Savita: Model will be trained on that text, and it will be used over the machine, that's it.
bala personal: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Whenever we talk about AI, we always talk about the models, okay?
bala personal: Okay, so, okay, okay, sir, like, I have one more thing, can I take 5 more minutes? I'm all, sorry for, you know…
bala personal: So I have a, actually, in my… I was… I was transitioning from my role to an AI engineer, actually. So I, I give them, they gave me a task, actually, use case. Can I discuss use case here? No, we should not discuss.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, tell me, please.
bala personal: Okay, so I want to design, I want to, you know,
bala personal: create implementation for… I want to design an orchestrator, actually, with the intelligence. Like, currently, we have a traditional orchestrator, with the, you know, normal Java, you know, we use a traditional deterministic, but we need to add intelligence for that. So, what…
bala personal: what you can propose me steps, actually, how to add intelligence, or do you need to create a scratch from Langroff, or, just, you know, to extend the extend of, you know, the current functionality
bala personal: Okay, additional orchestrator, how your approach?
bala personal: on this.
Sunny Savita: So, sorry, what you are doing with that Java?
bala personal: Actually, in Java, we have Orchestrator. We just go into Orchestrator is responsible for scheduling, you know, our jobs and everything, actually, okay? Scheduling jobs.
bala personal: cron triggers, static triggers, dynamic schedules, everything is currently… ETL is getting… ETL calls are getting, you know, ETL pipelines, clue jobs is getting triggered from the scheduler, actually.
bala personal: The ask is that we need to provide intelligence to the system where it can do auto-shedules, where it can do, you know, automatic correction of errors, and.
bala personal: Notify something, and it's… it should be adoptive and learning and adaptive, so how we can provide these features to the traditional, traditional, system, actually.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can design, yeah, see, you can design this inside the, Langraph, this complete system. Okay, so you can identify what needs to be done.
Sunny Savita: Those functionality, you can, bind inside the functions, okay? And that, they are actually, if you want to use the AI capability, you can do.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? And then, basically, you can orchestrate easily with any of the, like, with any of the agentic framework, like Langraph, AutoGen, Crew.ai, and all. According to me, Langraph would be the best one. Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: So, I would suggest you to explore the Langraph, the capability of the Langraf, but the thing is, basically, it will be in a Python.
bala personal: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, maybe your previous pipeline, the complete TL and all, it could be coded in some other language, like Java and all?
Sunny Savita: Right? Correct. But the agentic one which you are going to be creating now, the Agentic Orchestrator, it would be in a Python if you're going to be using any other agentic framework, like Langraph, Crew AI, Autogen, and all, because natively, it was created in Python only.
bala personal: But it's a big system, sir, yeah, it's a very, very big system, sir, it's a given system, actually, now.
Sunny Savita: system. See, why we use line graph?
Sunny Savita: to divide the task into the bit and pieces, and to orchestrate that, to connect that. So every sort.
bala personal: What's.
Sunny Savita: which you can expose as a tool, you can use the MCP over there, and then you can use the agentic flow, the agentic orchestrator, using the language graph. This is possible.
Sunny Savita: Right? So once you will understand the grux of the language graph, if you don't know, you can check out with my YouTube, I already uploaded one playlist.
bala personal: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: about this line graph. Just check out over there, understand the basic use case of it, and then implement it inside your system, okay?
bala personal: Okay, okay, Surya. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yay.
amoljamkar: Is my screen visible to me, Sydney?
Sunny Savita: Please share the screen, and give me one minute, until… please share the screen, okay?
amoljamkar: Yeah, I've shared.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, coming back, but…
amoljamkar: Yeah, yeah, sure.
Sunny Savita: Yamul, we can resume now. Please go ahead.
amoljamkar: Yeah. So, is my… is my skin visible to you now?
Sunny Savita: York is visible.
amoljamkar: Yeah, so this is the, so as, as we discussed yesterday, so, actually, I, I, I mean, I installed it, I created a directory under the C drive, and not under the OneDrive, so this is the…
amoljamkar: AIML folder there, under which the project one is there, as a folder which I've opened in Visual Studio, and then I created an environment, I pinned it to 3.12, then initialized the project, and then created environment, like, using this,
amoljamkar: And then, you, like, using the requirements.txt, which we had, which you had, uploaded in your, Git
amoljamkar: get a poetry that I downloaded and pasted here. And when I'm doing the, like, UV paper install, then I'm not able to… I'm getting the same error, that is the…
Sunny Savita: Just remove this gensim, just comment this gensim from here, in the requirement.t.
Sunny Savita: at all.
amoljamkar: This one, this one.
Sunny Savita: Comment, comment Karo. First set, install Karo. Save Karo.
amoljamkar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Keep it on autosave, autosave, autosave per repo.
amoljamkar: Autosave as in method?
Sunny Savita: File. Click on File.
amoljamkar: Okay, fine, okay.
Sunny Savita: autosave.
amoljamkar: Porto's okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now install the Recon.txt.
amoljamkar: Should I install now that… now, like, now it's here again?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, dude.
amoljamkar: Welcome.
amoljamkar: Like, should I delete it, and then, again.
Sunny Savita: What needs to be delayed?
amoljamkar: Should I… like, should I delete this environment, and then again, again, create the environment.
Sunny Savita: No, just, download it, no?
Sunny Savita: Did you download the… did you download the reconder.txt again?
amoljamkar: Yeah, I, I have, I have it. I am, I…
Sunny Savita: Okay, just, you are getting the same issue, is it?
amoljamkar: Yeah, yeah. Show me, show me the spear.
Sunny Savita: VS code, wait, wait, wait, show me the VS Code one second.
amoljamkar: Yeah, and I'm not… I'm not deleting it, that's it. Retest again.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now, run it again, that command.
amoljamkar: This one.
Sunny Savita: I'll be out Hard on it. Turn it, hard on it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, write pip install hyphen arikan.txt, don't write, UB, only write pip install, huh?
amoljamkar: minus all as well.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Sunny Savita: UK is not recognized, see.
Sunny Savita: Actually, now, what is the issue with your system?
Sunny Savita: Python is not properly set up, actually.
Sunny Savita: Open the CMD.
amoljamkar: Moss…
Sunny Savita: In a normal system, huh, normal system, right, CMDA.
amoljamkar: Yeah, there's.
Sunny Savita: There's an office system.
amoljamkar: No, no, no, no, no, personal, no, no, personal.
Sunny Savita: Right? Okay, write Python.
amoljamkar: Lord, Lord Bowl.
Sunny Savita: Is an issue, actually.
Sunny Savita: Get Python. Okay.
Sunny Savita: dot python.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Wait, wait, sir, wait, sir, wait, sir, okay, please wait.
vishal srivastava: You…
Sunny Savita: have a Python via UB, but you don't have a core Python inside your system.
Sunny Savita: Right? And because of that, your environment is getting corrupted.
Sunny Savita: Okay, whatever environment you are creating. So, you should have Python inside your local. On top of it, you have to fetch it from the UB.
Sunny Savita: Making sense?
amoljamkar: Okay, okay, okay. So, so it is not like anachondrite, which comes with a complete.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no. Just click on open.
amoljamkar: Good.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, install the Python.
Sunny Savita: Click on OK. Open, yeah, press Yes.
Sunny Savita: Now write yes again.
vishal srivastava: I'm very color.
Sunny Savita: Right, yes.
amoljamkar: Okay, so this uses the Python in the Visual Studio, as a, like, as well as the default Python which is installed in the main environment.
Sunny Savita: Correct. In the system, actually.
amoljamkar: Okay.
amoljamkar: And we need to do only when we want a specific Python version, or we can do it elsewhere as well, okay.
amoljamkar: What is it? Zoom by 12.
Sunny Savita: You can do it with a specific Python version also.
amoljamkar: It is… why is it?
amoljamkar: like, showed me something, and then it just opened this window, fighting on Windows.
amoljamkar: I think I'm done.
Sunny Savita: Close it, it is installed. Now write Python. After restarting it, write Python.
amoljamkar: Should I close this and restart, or just…
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes. Close it and restart. Okay, now it is coming now.
amoljamkar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, reload the VS Code window also. Reload the VS Code window.
amoljamkar: How to reload it? I mean, should… like, should I close and restart, or…
Sunny Savita: Click on view.
Sunny Savita: Command pellet.
amoljamkar: Okay, few comments.
Sunny Savita: And reload the window. Write the reload window.
Sunny Savita: Reloads are reload.
amoljamkar: Okay, please.
Sunny Savita: window.
Sunny Savita: Now open… close this terminal.
Sunny Savita: Delete it, so delete it, delete it.
Sunny Savita: Now open the new one.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, create a new environment, delete this environment also.
Sunny Savita: Left-hand side, delete this environment, yeah, delete it, delete it.
amoljamkar: Great, okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now close this terminal again, open the new CMD.
Sunny Savita: UB Python list.
Sunny Savita: Now, create environment with 3.11, okay? Write UBVNB, write VNB, write VNB. No, no, not ENV, give the different name, okay? Write VNB.
Sunny Savita: UBVNB, VNB, right? VNB?
amoljamkar: E, E, and U.
Sunny Savita: areas are a space space. VNB, VNB, now is space.
Sunny Savita: Python, Python, now give 3.11, okay?
amoljamkar: 3.11 plus 4.
Sunny Savita: Oh, this one, 3.11. CPython.
Sunny Savita: Now create an environment. Now activate this environment.
amoljamkar: Then, should I start using UV?
Sunny Savita: No, wait.
Sunny Savita: Now, right, UB.
Sunny Savita: We've been installed.
amoljamkar: Keep it commented.
Sunny Savita: You can remove the… you can remove the command. Now write ubpip install hyperna.txt.
amoljamkar: Okay.
amoljamkar: I didn't be like.
amoljamkar: Still…
Sunny Savita: Okay, Hoga install, right?
amoljamkar: I think it's, again, giving that.
Sunny Savita: Reloaded.
amoljamkar: a notebook.
Sunny Savita: Just a… just a second. Do one thing.
Sunny Savita: Reload the window, or restart it, and join again, okay, if it is not installing?
amoljamkar: Okay, option, fine, I'll restart my laptop.
Sunny Savita: Haha, because this issue, basically, it seems some specific, this, basically Pythonic issue, right? Maybe something is corrupted inside your system, and because of that, it is catching that thing while you are creating the environment, okay?
amoljamkar: I was searching it… I was searching it as well on some platforms, so they mentioned…
Sunny Savita: That is fine, sir. We can resolve it, we can resolve that. Okay, no worries about that.
amoljamkar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
amoljamkar: Okay, thanks, dear.
DELL: No, it's a neat.
Sandeep Saboo: President, can I go…
Sunny Savita: Just a second, sir, just a sec.
DELL: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Vishal, Sandeep, anyone else is going.
vishal srivastava: Okay, I'm gonna double to you?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Vishar.
vishal srivastava: So, Sunny, just a general question. So, you… before the 5 minutes back, you were talking to someone in this group, that most of the Argentic firmware is written in the Python, okay?
vishal srivastava: I am, like, having around 15-year experience, and I've worked with a different bank, like Bank of America, Wells Fargo, but most of the system is written in the Java, core Java, and Spring Boot.
vishal srivastava: You have to write some, like, a genetic application for existing system.
vishal srivastava: Like, then how do we do? Like, we should hire, like, the Python resource only, or we should relearn the Python, or we have any agent that support the Java?
Sunny Savita: See, in Java also, you can do some, agent AKI and all, right?
vishal srivastava: Yeah, they have frameworks. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, in pure Java also, with the core logic, you can write the orchestator, agent tick loop, tool execution, API call, memory state, rag integration. You can do that, okay?
Sunny Savita: But most of the framework, basically, which is open source, or which is developed by the community, it is developed in a Python.
Sunny Savita: Right? So Python is known for the AI only, not from now, like, from today's onwards, from, like, from past 10 years, basically.
Sunny Savita: Right? So…
Sunny Savita: In Java also, you can do that agent AKI development, but you will not get that framework support.
Sunny Savita: you might get some element integration support via API, OpenAI API SDK, Cloud API SDK. Okay, you can, like, get some prompt and all in Java, you can, like, create some tool execution and all, that is fine.
Sunny Savita: But again, the framework-related support basically will not get, maybe. I think Langchen is also providing some Langchen 4J. Just check out, with the Langchen. So Langchen 4J is specifically for the Java people.
Sunny Savita: Right? There is one more framework, Spring AI, Spring Boot AI, right?
vishal srivastava: You can…
Sunny Savita: check out that also. You will get some, till, like, you will get, help till some extent with that Spring AI also. I haven't explored, but I have checked that.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, right? So, on an enterprise level, on a system level, for the backend level, Java, Spring Boot, right? That is good. But again, for the AI development, you will have to, like, adapt the Python only. Got it?
vishal srivastava: Okay.
vishal srivastava: Fine, thank you.
DELL: Oh, hi, Sunny.
Sandeep Saboo: Sunny Sandeep here, so…
Surendhar: Can you tell me?
Sunny Savita: Just a second, sir. Sandeep, please go ahead.
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah, Sunny, actually, I tried setting up things on my local machine, both Mac and Windows, so Windows is a bit…
Sandeep Saboo: Can I… I'm just… Share my screen.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, sharing the… adding in a panelist, you can share.
DELL: Sunny, meanwhile,
DELL: Yeah, prerequisites are there, right? So, is it all three prerequisites, like ML, DL, and NLP? All three are, required from the
DELL: whatever the topics, ongoing discussion, or any specific module on which this is required like that, is there any…
Sunny Savita: Those are just 33 hour of video, okay? So, I don't think it is very typical to…
Sunny Savita: Like, learn, right? So I think within a week itself, you can complete that. I would suggest you complete all the prerequisites, okay?
DELL: Okay, because, Krisher is, describing with, some algorithmic, hands-on kind of stuff also in that, so that's why.
DELL: That's the reason I'm asking.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can do that. You can learn the concept only, you can do those hands-on, right? It will be helpful, maybe, okay?
DELL: Okay.
DELL: And one more thing, one more course also added, right? So, which is, already an ongoing one. So, is that… is the same as, current, course content, and is it anything, NLP, extra in-depth kind of stuff, is… that is some extra syllabus?
Sunny Savita: Which course, sir, which course?
DELL: The other one, NLP generated a.
Sunny Savita: Okay, okay, that is our previous patch, actually. Last year, we launched. Now, this Generative AI bootcamp is an updated version of that, okay?
DELL: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, maybe inside that course I discuss some of the NLP thing, but, the fee means, you can check out that, you will get those lecture and all, okay?
DELL: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, yeah.
DELL: And also, I think you were, about to say, like, you are going to give some cloud discussion. I think you released some YouTube video, right, along with Krista, so that is the content that you're going to cover, right? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can check that. You can learn the initial clot from there. Rest thing we'll discuss in the class only, okay?
DELL: Gotcha, yeah. Thanks.
DELL: Yeah.
Sandeep Saboo: Sunny and Chicken?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Sandeep, don't help me.
Sandeep Saboo: I got everything…
Sandeep Saboo: all right, I believe, because I have BNB, I have ENB, and then, you know, everything up until requirements was going fine, even the requirements, everything went well, except the fact
Sandeep Saboo: the…
Sunny Savita: Give me, give me the accessor, I'll check the system, don't worry.
Sunny Savita: So, you can delete this.
Sunny Savita: Actually, you know, what happened? I didn't take the first class regarding the environment setup. I think Monal took it.
Sunny Savita: And I think Monola has shown in some other way with the UV ad and all. I generally don't prefer that UV ad for the local development. So that's a issue, maybe, you are… you guys are facing.
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah, I mean, it's nagging, actually, because that one session could have helped avoid a lot of, you know, recurring topics.
Sandeep Saboo: And lovely.
Sandeep Saboo: Except power for that.
Sunny Savita: Log file, okay, this is fine.
Sunny Savita: Now, write the command ubpip install hyphen arikan.txt.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Shankar, I got that thing, actually. I was analyzing why people are getting this many of error with the UB setup. It is a simplest one. So I checked that session. I think Monel has shown that, different one, different way, actually.
Sunny Savita: That's why people are facing issues with my way and the monol ways, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it is working now. Got it.
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah, most of it is actually, gets installed, except the SK, I mean, SCI kit.
Sandeep Saboo: is failing, so I then, you know, installed.
Sunny Savita: Indeed.
Sandeep Saboo: Py, NumPy 2.0.
Sandeep Saboo: But still, it is faithful, and I tried.
Sunny Savita: No, I already given you that version, no, inside the recann.txt. Open that, recon.txt.
Sunny Savita: See, scikitLearn is there, na? So use the same one. For this spectacle, no, use this one only. You will not face any error, okay?
Sunny Savita: Use my approach, use this recon.txt, create a Python environment with 3.11, and do the installation. Otherwise, you will face lots of issue with this Gensim library and all. I faced, that's why I created this better version of it, okay?
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah, actually, I installed the CPython 11 version, actually, and I activated that, and then only I'm running the requirements.txt as per the sequence provided in your last session, actually.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sandeep Saboo: But still facing issue when, the IPI kernel and this, SC, scikit, learn…
Sunny Savita: It's fine, no, sir, we can solve that. See, if any issue is there, we can solve that. See, in front of you only, I'm able to run the entire code now, with same system and all, everything, correct? I'm also using Windows, same system, same VS Code. You can also do that.
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah.
Sandeep Saboo: I… okay, I just hope that this gets finalized in…
Sunny Savita: Let it install. If anything is there, let me know, okay?
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah, yeah, please go ahead. Sure.
Sunny Savita: Sure.
Sandeep Saboo: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Sobek, Surendra, Chun Chu, anyone is there, go ahead, guys.
Surendhar: Hey, Sony.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: I guess.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Sovik, please go ahead.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yeah, so, certainly a quick thing is that in the assignment, so first thing is that you want us to scrap the data from Flipkart or Amazon, right?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So, I'm just a little bit, leaving that part aside, because here the exercise is on to the TFIDF, all those kind of things. So, what I have done is that, using ChatGPT, I have created a synthetic data.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, for 500 reviews with a level of 1-0, because you want us to do the mini use case as well, right?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Nope.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Now, now I have already done the BOWTF IDF onto that. Now, while putting the mini use case, just want to show you that I am getting 100% accuracy. So.
Sunny Savita: Just…
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: one thing to understand. So, for example, while I have… I am doing the TFID, the entire review data, actually, is converted to vectors. Now, after that, when I am attaching the sentiments, and then doing the test and… train and test split.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: doing the ML, the accuracy is coming around 1, your… all the predictions are correct, so which is a very much overfit model. So.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Something that the vectorization needs to be done After doing the train split?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can do that, you can try that, actually.
Sunny Savita: Otherwise, what might happen? Model is learning all over the data, so it might give you the overfitting.
Sunny Savita: So, this concept, I think it's called a data leakage.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Model is already seeing your entire data, and then it is doing a prediction, but if it… if any rare data, new data is giving… you are giving, then model is failing over there.
Sunny Savita: So do one thing, perform the train-test split, okay? Train your model, then validate your model with the test data, and then predict, or do the inferencing with any unknown data. Got it?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, so that means that first I am getting the review data, then first split it in test.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: And then.
Sunny Savita: Correct.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: For trendset, I am converting the review data into vectors.
Sunny Savita: Correct. Then, all the.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: In the motel.
Sunny Savita: Again, yeah, over the test data again, you need to firm on the fit and transform.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, transform.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Transform only, transform only. Now suppose, for example, if the TF IDF is trained… fit on the train data.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: And then…
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: being transformed on the test data, then there can be an issue of, out of vocabulary, right?
Sunny Savita: No, no, not like that. If you are fitting over the entire data, and then you are doing a split, then it could be the issue.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it is learning over the… see, we… our, like, goal is fulfilling here. Means, we are training the data over the train data. Sorry, we are training a model over the train data, and then we are validating, we are testing it. So, while you are training, then perform, fit, transform. While you are testing, then only perform the transform there, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yeah, now… now, that is my question. So, for example, if… suppose, firstly, I have split it into train and test, right? So, now, in the test data, there are some words which is not there in the vocabulary of the.
Sunny Savita: Oh, that is fine. See, we just have to rely over the training only. We don't need to overfit the model. That is what is happening over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: We just have to focus over the training… training capability of the model, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Cool, cool, cool, cool, good. Okay, that, that's all about my patients. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Sure, sir, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Surinj, please go ahead, what's your doubt?
Surendhar: Hi, Sunny. First of all, really, thanks for the way you are explaining and the teaching. Very…
Surendhar: you are going ground, and you are explaining from the fundamentals onwards. I know every fundamentals are, like, very… foundations are really required for any learning. Without having the proper foundation, whatever we learn on top of that, whatever we build it, that's not going to be sustained long, right? I know that concept.
Surendhar: Really, thanks for that.
Surendhar: So, coming to the my point, Sunny.
Surendhar: So today, in the TF idea of the concept, when you're explaining, right, we are talking.
Sunny Savita: Beautiful.
Surendhar: sentence level and the documentation level, right?
Surendhar: range. The TF is calculating level, IDF is calculated as a document level. So…
Surendhar: Those two are the different grains. So when it's expanded to the document, the next, like, one book, or next in, like, one line of business, or next.
Surendhar: area, and if I go for the right, it will go
Surendhar: One enterprise level, the healthcare level, or retail level.
Surendhar: Jesus' grain is going to change every time this… this…
Surendhar: which you have to get, like, sentence and document, right? Is it going to remain same as is, or when the data grown.
Sunny Savita: Will it…
Surendhar: This grain also is going to change.
Sunny Savita: Can you put some light on the grain? I think I missed that one.
Surendhar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Can you come again?
Surendhar: In the sense, your TF is calculating at the sentence level.
Surendhar: Right?
Surendhar: And IDF is calibrating at the document level.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: fish.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: I'm Versika speaking.
Sunny Savita: Weird, weird beer, I'll come to you.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: You are audible to me.
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, we write something to you. Yeah, please go ahead, sir.
Surendhar: Okay, so there's two are different levels, but sentence level, another is the document level, but is this… remains as…
Surendhar: As is forever, or when the data is grown.
Surendhar: like, no, the document.
Sunny Savita: I, I got it. You are saying TF and IDF, always, it will be combined, right, with whatever data we are going to be applying, is it?
Sunny Savita: Right? Me, so always we are going to be using the TF, and then IDF? Yes, correct. It is same. It will be same, actually.
Sunny Savita: So whatever data you will be having from wherever, if you are going to apply the TF IDF, okay? So first, you will call, calculate the TF, then IDF, and then you will combine the result. You don't need to write that code from starting.
Sunny Savita: Right? You can do it, but no need to write that code from starting, because scikit-learn is giving you that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you can use that inbuilt class, and there also, you can use the different, different hyperparameter, parameter value, and you can tweak the result as well. You can get more normalized data, okay, and the several other features they have given over, over you over… they have given you over there, inside the TFID vector… vectorizer, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, whatever concept we have learned inside the… over the Blackboard, actually, the same thing is being applied over any kind of data, okay?
Surendhar: Even if it's gross at, like, one, one business level, like, one…
Surendhar: Retail business level, if it's a one-on.
Sunny Savita: See this, again, I'm saying, TF-IDF is a very well-known, basically, technique, okay? So, what I would suggest to you, here I shown you with some, basic document, right?
Sunny Savita: Whatever task I've given you, you can try that. Otherwise, just do one thing. Take one PDF, any PDF, this bird-to-back PDF only, take the data, chunk the data, try out with the TF IDF, okay? Try to convert the data into the, embedding.
Sunny Savita: I'm sorry, into the encoding using the TF idea vector.
Sunny Savita: Okay, then you will understand, okay, the same thing, the same kind of thing is being, like, applied over any sort of a document and data. Got it?
Surendhar: Got it.
Surendhar: Okay, I think that makes sense. The other, question, sorry, maybe it's a very silly question, or maybe meaningless.
Surendhar: Now we have started this conversion, the word to member conversion at word level.
Surendhar: Right?
Surendhar: Why counted letters from the letter onwards?
Surendhar: I mean, why can't you start from the letter? Why can't we convert from the letter onwards? Why we…
Sunny Savita: Later will not… later will not make… make sense, no.
Sunny Savita: Later is very fundamental unit.
Surendhar: No, see.
Sunny Savita: If I'm saying S, what you will understand with S. If I'm saying Sunny, you will think about me, or any other Sunny, right? So word is making sense, not letter, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Surendhar: But eye-level language, the number at the low-level language, which is a mesh and understandable language, right?
Surendhar: In the high-level language, letters is the granular, or that's the starting point.
Sunny Savita: No, sir, I don't think anyone has thought about the letters, actually, because it won't even make sense, right, in any sort of a scenario. If we want to represent a data, how we can represent on the letters level.
Sunny Savita: If we are talking about the letters, right? So, it's going to be 26 letters in any scenario, right? Word is making a meaning, actually, and sentence is making a more meaning.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so going forward, we'll understand how to convert any sort of a sentence into the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Even you will forget about the words and all these, the smallest, small words, right?
Sunny Savita: So, we'll focus on the complete sentence only, those kind of capability we have. So, word is making meaning, making sense, letter is not making any conclusion.
Sunny Savita: So we always, we… maybe they focus, the researcher focus, maybe the word over, maybe the word, right? So they, they, like, try out with the word only.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So that's a fundamental U-detection, got it?
Surendhar: Yeah, and another one more, Dhanie. Even I tried yesterday to ask, but yesterday I couldn't get it, I couldn't stay back long.
Surendhar: The essay, we're talking about one-off encoding and a bag of words, right? So that in the practical, you use the sklearn library. So.
Surendhar: These libraries are any number of, right? It's not mandated to use the sklearn library. There could be any other alternative libraries in the Python world.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can use the other library also, if this functionality is available over there. Or you can write the… you can write your own logic, your own code as well, that is also possible. But this library, actually, it's not a solo proprietary, right? It is an open source library.
Sunny Savita: And, communities using this library. In every organization, this library was being used, right?
Sunny Savita: So we can use it, actually, right? If it is a solo proprietary, if it belongs to any enterprise, any company where we have to pay for this thing, right? Then I think we can avoid it, but it is an open source one for the community only, we can utilize that, okay?
Surendhar: Okay, good.
Narendra Chundi: Yeah, on top of that, there is a follow-up question, Sunny. So, when you say that contribution to the community, right? So, who will authorize whether that is a… that is… I mean, what are the parameters for authorizing whether that is a good function or not?
Sunny Savita: So, you can check out with the GitHub only, I don't know whether you have seen their GitHub or not, just a second, let me share the screen.
Narendra Chundi: I can show you.
Sunny Savita: Can you see my screen?
Sunny Savita: Is it visible?
Surendhar: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's see if I'm writing here… Aww… scikit-learn GitHub.
Sunny Savita: See, this is a scikit-learn GitHub. You can see the number of stars, 65K, number of folks, 26… 27K around, right?
Sunny Savita: There's a complete source code of the…
Sunny Savita: There's a complete source for the site, scikit-learn.
Sunny Savita: These all are the contributor. 3,171 contributor is there.
Sunny Savita: This is the number of issues, 1.6K.
Sunny Savita: Number of pull requests… sorry, number of pull requests, 536. This many of pull requests?
Sunny Savita: was opened by someone, right? So you can check out over here what they have added, what they have not added.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, everything you will get inside the GitHub only. See, that is being compiled, maybe if they are going to be multiple pull requests, the code will be added going forward, so you will get a new version of the…
Sunny Savita: new release of the scikit-learn, okay? Now, once you will go in the SQLand folder, over here, see all the folder with all the… with all the concepts and all. So, somewhere, our code also will be there, whatever we have, performed, let's say in the pre-processing, we can check.
Sunny Savita: In the pre-processing, let's say these encoders, okay?
Sunny Savita: So inside the encoders, now over here you can see the base encoder class.
Sunny Savita: Maybe the other classes also will be there.
Sunny Savita: So, likewise, you can navigate to the entire source code. Basically, they are providing you, even you can contribute over here, if you think. See, one autoencoder is here, see this one.
Sunny Savita: Yesterday, we have used the same class now, if you will check with our code.
Sunny Savita: This is our code.
Sunny Savita: See, we have used the same class, no?
Sunny Savita: Here.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: From where we were importing that, as CLAN folder, preprocessing module, and this was my class.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, inside the class, what they have written, see, this is all the… this is the entire code they have written.
Sunny Savita: You can write your own code also, your own logic also, if you don't want to use it, but the entire source code is open, so there is no harm to use it. We can easily configure it on our server. Okay, see, this is the code. You can analyze this code, you can understand this code, what they are doing over here.
Sunny Savita: Making sense, no?
Surendhar: So, Sunny, when we contribute for… when you contribute additional class or function for this, right? No one knows…
Surendhar: of how they can make sure that I'm contributing the right
Surendhar: Right code, or the correct content.
Sunny Savita: So first, see, you cannot contribute blindly, right? So first, you will have to understand the functionality, then loophole inside that functionality, or if you would like to add something new over here, let's say you have a 1-0 encoding. Yesterday, I told you we can use 1-0 encoding in two ways.
Sunny Savita: Okay. The first basically on a word level, second on the, second over the document level.
Sunny Savita: Now, if you will see the result of this 1010 coding, so you are getting over the word level, see over here, this one. The result, basically, final one which you will get.
Sunny Savita: Now, if you wanted to add the other functionality, like document-level functionality, which you are… which you… which this library don't have, you can write… you can clone this repository, you can go inside this file, you can write your code.
Sunny Savita: And after that, you can simply raise a pull request. So the owner of this repository will review your code. If he will find out the valuable, then he will merge your pull request, and that code will be available in the next feature, okay? In the next release. That's it. As simple as that, okay?
Surendhar: Okay, got it. So, owner of the… this library will validate while merging the pull request, Mike?
Sunny Savita: Correct. Owner of the library will build it. See, here you can check the detail of the owner, who will be the owner.
Sunny Savita: I think they relayed the cyclone name, maybe any Chinese or any US guy would be the owner, maybe so.
Surendhar: So once it's merged into the main path, then it will be available for the… whoever it's going to be… Correct.
Sunny Savita: See, this is all the branch, actually, they have created, see?
Sunny Savita: The main, the deployable branch, which they have deployed under production, that is main, okay? They have created a PyPy package. We can create it very easy to create a PyPy package. You can check out so many lectures I took over the PyPy package creation.
Sunny Savita: just search, PiPy package YouTube, sorry, over the YouTube, just search PyPy package Sunny, you will get that, okay?
Surendhar: Got it, good. Thank you, thank you, sir.
Narendra Chundi: Yep.
Surendhar: Thanks, Sunny. Sunny, I have just one, the VS Code, I'm getting some, some issue, just one. Can I share the screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, share the screen.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Sunny, meanwhile, I have some doubt, can I go ahead?
Sunny Savita: Who is there? Pokraj, right? Yeah, Pokraj, I'll come to wait.
Sunny Savita: Meanwhile, if you wanted to talk with Yash, you can. I am pinging the link in the chat, so whoever wanted to connect with Yash, you can over here.
Surendhar: Ambitz, Sunny, you're with me?
Sunny Savita: Yes, sir, I can see.
Surendhar: Yeah, I'm a bit surprising with this. Initially, like, I did the 13,
Surendhar: No, mostly the same thing.
Sunny Savita: I think I just resolved this issue, maybe 2-3%, sorry, I think someone was asking the same thing. I just resolved this thing. Just a second, give me the access.
Surendhar: You're seeing this, memory issue, right?
Sunny Savita: Where is the memory issue?
Surendhar: Oh, one second, systems, let me share the entire screen, give me a second.
Sunny Savita: Give me the access of your system.
Surendhar: Stop sharing.
Sunny Savita: Share the screen and give me the access.
Surendhar: Share the desktop.
Surendhar: Okay, I'm getting this memory issue. Like, initially, I installed the 11… 3.11, and, day one, and I executed those examples, everything, perfectly, and again, somewhat, I shifted to 3.1…
Surendhar: And there.
Sunny Savita: No, no, sir, see, every… everything is fine, just give me the access, let me, like, clean your… this system and all, okay? A little bit, just give me the access, okay?
Surendhar: You're requesting how to… And see.
Sunny Savita: You are getting the error of the space also, so check again, remove some unnecessary thing from your system, okay?
Surendhar: Shared settings…
Sunny Savita: Because your system is full, so delete something from your… delete some unnecessary thing from your system, okay?
Surendhar: But that's another question, like, really, this Python requires 16GB? It's…
Sunny Savita: not required 16GB, but this might be required, these other packages and all.
Sunny Savita: If you will check the size of the ENV folder, just open… just click on this VN.VNB, and check the size of that.
Sunny Savita: It will be in GBs, actually, 2 to 3 GB. Per environment folder, every environment folder, it will be around 2 to 3 GB, maybe more than that, okay?
Surendhar: Okay, got it.
Surendhar: Sir, I'm not able to give access to you. Do you need a request or double-sync option?
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Surendhar: Yes, I got her.
Surendhar: System acceptance, Joe.
Surendhar: Yeah, I think I give in.
Sunny Savita: Okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: Now, right over here, ubpip install hyphen a require dot txt.
Sunny Savita: ubpip install hyphen our requirement.txt.
Sunny Savita: Give that space, though, give that space.
Surendhar: iPhone…
Sunny Savita: hyphen r equine.txt. I already discussed all this thing in the previous classes. Did you know… did you not check those classes?
Surendhar: I gone through that.
Surendhar: not the angst.
Surendhar: Right, I mean…
Surendhar: I think it's dead.
Surendhar: Then it's done. What, should I…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, now reload the window, go click on View.
Sunny Savita: Come on, pellet.
Surendhar: No, you're kind of…
Sunny Savita: View Command Palette, reload the window.
Sunny Savita: Reload window.
Sunny Savita: Right reload window here, right reload window.
Sunny Savita: Reload window, yeah.
Surendhar: Click on that.
Sunny Savita: Developer reload Window? Huh.
Sunny Savita: Now open your file, IPvindb file.
Surendhar: This one, today's one.
Sunny Savita: Now select the kernel.
Surendhar: Carnival shit… You don't.
Sunny Savita: Right-hand side, so right-hand side, select kernel.
Sunny Savita: Top right-hand side, select kernel.
Sunny Savita: Now click on the select another kernel.
Sunny Savita: Python environment.
Sunny Savita: Now select that ENV last one.
Sunny Savita: Now run it.
Sunny Savita: Run your shell.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: It's working now.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Hello.
Surendhar: Yeah, perfect.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Hi, Sunit.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is done now, next outing.
Sunny Savita: figuring it out.
Sandeep Saboo: Funny study.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Andeep, yeah.
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah, so can I share on screen again?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can.
Sandeep Saboo: So, now I… I got this, and I, reloaded the window also, okay? Do I need to install the iFi kernel, or is it already installed, like…
Sunny Savita: It is there now, right? Just run it, just run your IPYNB file now.
Sunny Savita: Create a IPYNB file here.
Sunny Savita: Create IPYNV file.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, write any name, test.ipwindb.
Sunny Savita: dot IPYNB.
Sunny Savita: IPY NV, sir.
Sunny Savita: test.ipynb.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Maybe Copilot can help here.
Sunny Savita: Hit enter.
Sunny Savita: Save it, create file, create file.
Sunny Savita: Open this file now, select the kernel.
Sandeep Saboo: the system.
Sunny Savita: Let it, let it load, sir, on a Python environment.
Sunny Savita: Now, select this ENV.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now create a code. Go with the… open the code one.
Sunny Savita: Open the code shell, and write your command there, okay? Allow access.
Sunny Savita: Now open the code shell, click on the code shell, plus code icon.
Sandeep Saboo: One second, I think…
Sunny Savita: plus code icon is there, no? Plus code.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Sunny Savita: Try to a command now, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Write print command.
Sunny Savita: Print hello, or something like that.
Sunny Savita: Run the… run it now?
Sunny Savita: Shift plus Enter on it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it will be working now.
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, sir, wait, it will be working, wait.
Sunny Savita: Your system is slow, actually.
Sunny Savita: I think i5, i3 you are using the less RAM.
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah, actually, my main system is Mac, but it's, so, this is working.
Sandeep Saboo: My actual sisters Mac and I want to shift to there, but I'll come to that next.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Thanks, honey.
Sandeep Saboo: By accidentally.
Sunny Savita: No worries, no worries, Sandeep.
Sunny Savita: Just practice now with the code, okay?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Can I go ahead, Sunny?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can go ahead, Pope Raj.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay, thank you, Sunny. So, thanks for giving me a chance. So, basically, Sunny, this is out of, this, thing. Actually, I am working currently on some knowledge management kind of system, okay? I have a couple of questions around that.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: So, first of all, I need to ingest the data, different kind of data, could be PDF, Word, text, JSON file, from different source.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay, so, what I am, thinking here, that
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: will get the data, whatever the… means unstructured data, that will be in a vector store, and relational kind of data, like JSON, nested loop, and all, will be in knowledge management… knowledge graph kind of thing.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Is this, good?
Sunny Savita: Nestor Law… Knowledge Management Law, sorry, itinerary Knowledge Management.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: not knowledge management, sorry, I mean to say knowledge graph.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: JSON nested JSON and this kind of thing will be knowledge graph. Say, for example, if I need to store the customer data with some different, different, nested structure, like their.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: So those kinds.
Sunny Savita: No, you can try that, you can try that. There is a library graph rack, or you can check out with a Neo 4G video. See, I recorded one video on that. Just go through with that, you will understand. I solved the same use case, actually.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Oh, okay, sir. So, okay, that is fine, but my question is around a different area. So, here, as I am getting the data from different sources, so.
Sunny Savita: That's amazing.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: sense to use, MCP here.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Lord.
Sunny Savita: Huh, you can use the MCP for exposing that service, basically. So, for exposing that service as a tool, so that you can integrate your… you can integrate inside your agent tick flow, okay?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Not AJ, okay, so here, means how, basically, we'll integrate the, MCP? I need to load the data from different,
Sunny Savita: You can write the functionality, and you can expose it, expose the… you can bind it inside the tool, and you can expose it over the MCP server, okay?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay, so basically, from different sources, data will be stored in vector store or knowledge graph. From there, after that model, context MCP will connect to that vector store or knowledge graph, or they will.
Sunny Savita: Means, your functionality, basically, it will be wrapped up inside the tool, right?
Sunny Savita: Tool could be anything. What is a tool? You understand the tool.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay, something like TCP protocol? Means, I will give…
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, no, no, no, not those tools, actually. Tool means what? Any functionality is called the tool, okay? So for that, to understand the MCP tools.
Sunny Savita: and this, right? I would highly suggest you to check out ones with the agentic, this Agentic AI, okay? So you can learn about the agentic AI a little bit, you will get to know about the tools and all, okay? And then, you will, easily understand the MCP concept. Got it?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay, Asha, that is one thing, and, some other, some question there. So, basically, after this one, right, after ingestion, I need to do some
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: extract some. So there, basically, we'll extract the data, rules using LLM. That is one thing. And here, normalization also, I need to do, right? Because
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: I will get the data from different sources, there could be some duplicate, embedding and semantic similarity, or those kind of things. So before storing into vector store, or maybe knowledge graph, I need to achieve some normalization as well, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can do it, but I don't think it is required, because whatever model you are using, right, for creating the embedding and all nowadays.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Right? So those model is enough capable, they will give you the normalized data only, okay?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay, that means how they will check that whatever is already stood that I'm normalized, if I'm going to school?
Sunny Savita: You can apply some logic, no? Normalized data will always be equal to 1, right? If you are going to add those numbers, something like that, right? Just check out with those logic. Easily you can generate the logic.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay, okay, okay, sir, and some other thing, like validation, okay, some conflicts, gaps, inconsistencies, so what are those things here I need to check here?
Sunny Savita: It is a very subjective question, right? So, on a rule basis, you wanted to check, or with the LLM you wanted to check, right? So, I would, suggest you use AI as a reviewer, means LLM as a reviewer. Give the prompt to your LLM, and give some context, in the form of data.
Sunny Savita: And ask to the LLM whether it is correct or not, or if there is any gap or something like that, gap, conflict, whatever inconsistent… consistency you wanted to check, okay?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay? And, for… what about the traceability, means confidence score, Barcelon.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can, for that, basically, you can build your own custom dashboard, or you can use any managed services, okay? So, AWS Azure is also providing those services. You can capture it via logs, right? You can capture it via, this Langesmith also, okay? So, that you can do.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: for confidence score, Bharsan, and those kind of thing.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Yes.
Sunny Savita: U.S.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Any open source or something, libraries there for this one?
Sunny Savita: for traceability…
Sunny Savita: Let me check.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Hmm… Let's see…
Sunny Savita: You can use the LangFuse, okay? It is a part of the Langchen ecosystem only.
Sunny Savita: OpenTelemetry is also there. Custom LLM tracing is available over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: Lenny Smith?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay, sir.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Lang Smith.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Lang Smith, OpenTelemetry, or LangFuse. You can utilize this.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Landsmith, open telemetry. Answer, last one.
Sunny Savita: Lang Smith, Open Telemetry, LangFuse.
Sunny Savita: Or there is one more, Arise, A-R-I's ID, just check out with the split form. MLflow also you can use, okay?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay. Okay, those things. And sir, for output generation, so basically requirement, design, and rules kind of output I need to generate.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: So, I think that is kind of easy, okay? And observability. So, for observability, what should I do? Track accuracy, confidence, changes, those kind of things?
Sunny Savita: Yes, correct. This thing will come in a future, you will get to know about it.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: But, means I need to do, can you please give some light, sir? It will be helpful.
Sunny Savita: For observability, the same thing, no? Observability, traceability, it is the same. So what I would suggest to you.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Whoa.
Sunny Savita: You can explode that Langesmith and LangFuse, you will get the enough understanding about it. Or even MLflow is doing a great job, you can, you can exploit that also, okay?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay, okay, sir, got it. Last thing, sir. So, for feedback loop, so for this kind of knowledge management, means, what is your, suggestion? Basically, how, how I will handle the human, in the loop kind of thing, here?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can, basically. You can orchestrate this entire thing. That's why all this framework are there, no, length graph and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, using those, basically, you can implement that. You can trace the decision, you can implement the feedback loop.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Basically, means functionality, functionality-wise, means I will… means, user experience-wise, so basically, I will take the feedback and
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: I will do something like reinforcement learning in the going forward, or runtime only based on the feedback I will give, means what should be the ideal case.
Sunny Savita: It depends, sir, how you are going to be design that thing. It is a complex means, sir, it is not that much easy, actually, in the enterprise applications, okay? So, first come with some architecture plans and all, then discuss with me, okay?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Okay, okay, sir, this one. And, for failure handling, what do you suggest? For any ambiguity, low confidence flag, conflicts, human review, outdated data, burstening, those things?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: This is the last, actually, sorry for…
Sunny Savita: Ambiguity, low confidence, see, sir, this, again, it is just a theoretical thing, okay?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Hmm?
Sunny Savita: So, first of all, basically, you have to be, like, build your application on some MVP levels, right? And then you will have to check what kind of ambiguity you are getting, right? What kind of conflicts you have, what kind of human review you want. You will have to analyze that side, and then only you will have to include that part, actually.
Sunny Savita: So, I would suggest you first create your basic application, okay? Keep it, means bring it to the MVV level, and then only add on this and, the other thing, actually. Okay? After analyzing the application input-output only, you can understand this part. Got it? It is a very subjective thing, sir, application-wise.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Good.
Sunny Savita: It's not… it's not a concept which I can teach you. We have to observe it on application level, got it?
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: But it's.
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: the tank.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Thank you for your patience. So, can I pin you in, maybe next week in your LinkedIn,
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, you can, you can, sir. Okay.
Pokhraj Chaudhuri: Thank you, thank you, thanks for your input.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Hi, Sunik, Salengore now?
Sunny Savita: Just a second, guys, give me a moment, wait.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Anil Kumar, what's your doubt?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah, so, actually, still, I am having issue with my, VS Core. I'm not able to select my kernel when I'm trying to select, so it is… I'm not able to.
Sunny Savita: Okay, yesterday, yesterday you connected with me, right?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yes, yes, I was not able to share my screen.
Sunny Savita: Okay, do one thing, do one thing. Just, drop me a mail, okay, I will set up a, like, different meeting with you, maybe tomorrow, day after tomorrow. You can come over there, okay? Maybe the issue is different over there.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah, I think if I share my screen now, it's totally fine, you can find out. I'm able to install, a brief.
Sunny Savita: No, yesterday I checked, it was not showing that. Maybe it's on a system.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: No, no, yesterday you didn't check it, because yesterday I was not able to share my screen. You didn't check my things yesterday.
Sunny Savita: Because someone was coming with the same issue.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Maybe… Maybe…
Sunny Savita: Show me, show me, I can check. Don't worry, okay? Show me.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Are you able to share my…
Sunny Savita: Sai, what is your doubts? Sai and Chuchu Balra. Hi, Saiy. Are you there?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: able to see.
Sai: Yes.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: in?
Sunny Savita: Please wait on it. Leah sign, please tell me, what's your dog?
Sai: Thanks for this session, Sani. Before asking you a question, I would just…
Sai: I will go through the prerequisites, for sure. For the time being, I just want to get clarified.
Sai: In Word2Vec algorithm, there are features, right?
Sai: So, according to my understanding, these are not directly words, as, like, in encoding algorithms. Like, in encoding, either words are the tokens, they are directly features, right?
Sai: But in Word2Vec, where these features are coming from? You said, like, these are all pre-trained?
Sunny Savita: Grown the data on…
Sai: These are all predetermined?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, from the data only, it will come. I will teach you the SIBO and skipgram technique in the next class, and you will get that, okay? Don't worry.
Sunny Savita: So, let it… let me take one more class about this, what to back and all. You will get that, okay? Don't worry.
Sai: Okay, okay, okay. Thank you, thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Thank goodness.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now please share the screen, Alan.
Sunny Savita: Share the… share your screen.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah, I'm sharing now my screen, okay.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Are you able to see my screen now?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can see.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah, so when I'm selecting kernel, it is going just,
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: It's not able to fight out. There must be some issue.
Sunny Savita: what is this? Means.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: When I'm sitting…
Sunny Savita: Swiss?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Now, when I'm selecting kernel, right, so I'm not able to find out any kernel… any kernel here.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Any Python version.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, it is a problem of your system only. It is not able to load it. Maybe lower configuration or something. What is the configuration of your system?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: I need to check… I'm not sure this is my wife's one,
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay, so maybe you were saying that space issue or some other issue, you were saying.
Sunny Savita: Means your RAM is not able to load the VS Code properly, or something like that, actually.
Sunny Savita: It is not a technical issue, it is a system-level issue, restart the system, check again, it will come, okay?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: I have tried restart many times, but still, I mean, instead of the same as what yesterday also.
Sunny Savita: Environment and all, it's a little heavy now, because of that.
Sunny Savita: So, just do one thing, delete the .vnv from the folder.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Other folders.
Sunny Savita: dot VNV is there, no? Remove that.vnv, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Delete it.
Sunny Savita: Reload the window now.
Sunny Savita: Reload the window. Open the command pellet and reload the window.
Sunny Savita: Right? Reload window.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, again, close this, chat also, this, co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: No, select kernel.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Tillis MSO, looks like.
Sunny Savita: do one thing, sir. Restart the system, only open the VS Code and check again, okay? Because this is a system-level thing, not a… and not any.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah, I tried yesterday, because yesterday I was not able to share my screen. Yesterday, I tried multiple times, that same issue. Today morning, also, I tried multiple times. Okay, so maybe…
Sunny Savita: understand, sir, but tell me what I can do in this one.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: No, no, no, I understand. It's… I mean, I need to check, actually, I understand, but maybe I need to delete V and be some other, like, I have tried some other places also, other.
Sunny Savita: That'.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: I need to delete, and I need to look at. Maybe you were saying that.
Sunny Savita: It means just do some cleanup of your system, maybe, after that, those kernels will be visible. Maybe because of the lower configuration, or lower RAM, or lower memory, like the current memory, dynamic memory, it is not able to fetch that, okay?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay, so you did not see any other issues, right?
Sunny Savita: No, sir, issue we can get now, once we'll load it, if kernel is not there, code is not running, any library issue you are facing, something like that, right?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Oh, okay.
Sunny Savita: So in that case, we can identify the issue. But here, Hunter is not loading, so what we can do, correct?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: No, I didn't understand.
Sunny Savita: You can think in such a way, you are…
Sunny Savita: Running movie over the slow internet.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So it is loading, loading, loading. Now, it is not a fault of the YouTube, of your mobile, correct? It's just a loading…
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: I don't.
Sunny Savita: slow in Japan.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah, yeah.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: and.
Sunny Savita: So just check that, do a couple of things, which, whatever I suggested, do some cleanup of your system, then…
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Show me the next time, okay? Next question.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay, okay, okay, thank you so much. Yeah, thanks so much.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: Nice and neat.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, please, go ahead.
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: Yeah, actually, it's completely non-technical. I just want to, request you as a…
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: position, reflected to my career, actually. My entire background was into teaching, actually. I pursued PhD in civil engineering domain, and worked as
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: professor in university. And later on, civil engineering domain admissions were, less, and AI is booming, right? So, with that intention, I pursue,
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: I'm pursuing MTech in Data Science and Machine Learning, and it was about to complete in a couple of months. So, I registered for this course.
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: to get hands-on. And meanwhile, I'm getting some kind of doubt whether to learn some MLOps or AIOps, some kind of data engineering-related things. But I registered this course, but I need some suggestion, like, in which direction I should,
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: proceed to get, into industry properly. Now, what I'm doing as a data processor in a startup, actually, I want to…
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: floor.
Sunny Savita: So, Cersei, you are already in the right direction, okay? So, after completing the fundamental of the generative AI, you can build up some end-to-end projects, okay? And then, you can apply for the interviews.
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: Her voice is breaking, Sunny. Hello?
Sunny Savita: Hello, hello? Am I audible now?
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so what I'm saying, after basically complete the fundamental of the generative AI from this course.
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: Okay.
Sunny Savita: do some end-to-end projects, and mention inside the resume, and then start applying for the interview. So, you're already into the right direction, okay? Right now, there is a demand of the JA and Agent K only.
Sunny Savita: You can easily get the interview call, okay, if you have a good resume inside your… sorry, if you have good project inside your resume. I will tell you how to do that, how to drop that, and then start applying. Got it?
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: Oh, and
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: Do I need… meanwhile, do I need to improve my, Git repository and, LinkedIn, networking and all?
Sunny Savita: Definitely. That is a… that you have to do forever, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, whether you're a job or not, so just do that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, make your brand strong, make your profile strong, keep your work over the LinkedIn, connect with the good people. This, like, this is a forever job, okay?
Chunchu Balarama Krishna: Okay. So, Jenai said, I'll explore the more opportunities, right?
Sunny Savita: Gen AI side, because you are doing a Gen AI course, and the market is demanding a Gen AI engineer, okay, in many consulting, in many GCCs, right? And many product-based companies also, agentic AI engineer, AI engineer is required, right?
Sunny Savita: Yup.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so choo-chu is clear. Now, any more person having doubt, guys, please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Cloud SRE, do you have any doubt?
Cloud SRE: Isn't he? Yes.
Sunny Savita: Yo, please go ahead.
Cloud SRE: So… I took a pro subscription just last week.
Cloud SRE: And.
Cloud SRE: This is the first session I'm attending.
Cloud SRE: I'm a DevOps engineer and a SRE.
Cloud SRE: I just started attending the Ultimated Data Science 2.0 sessions from the start. So, my goal is to move into a DevOps operations role related to AI.
Cloud SRE: So, I know that MLOps is related to Mops, and I don't know what are all the other categories available in this.
Cloud SRE: So, I'm looking for it.
Cloud SRE: Oof.
Cloud SRE: A roadmap, what are the things I need to learn?
Cloud SRE: So, this…
Sunny Savita: So, see, DevOps skill… see, DevOps skill will same always.
Cloud SRE: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Means, if you're a DevOps engineer, then a forever DevOps engineer.
Sunny Savita: Means, basically, you will be using the same SQ, you are going to be exploring the cloud and all. Now, you can integrate the AI in your work a little bit, okay? So, it depends on you now, in which direction you want it to go.
Sunny Savita: The first one, basically, GenAI developer. If you wanted to create an application, if you wanted to develop an application in AI, then you should go as a GenAI developer. If you wanted to use the AI into your work, into your existing DevOps work, so that is a different thing, sir.
Sunny Savita: Okay. You can explore the cloud, you can explore the, basically, different, different API assistant, how it is helping you inside your DevOps thing and all, what all different services is being provided by the different cloud to ease… to ease the DevOps work, okay? If you're talking about the MLOps person, LLM Ops person, so they are the DevOps person only.
Sunny Savita: Means 95% work of the DevOps only, 95% work comes from the core DevOps only, 55% work could be here and there, that's it.
Sunny Savita: means some AI infrastructure setup, means some server setup, some AI service setup, vector database setup, some traceability metric setup, and all that said, okay? But 95% or even 99% work would be inherited by the DevOps only.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So if you're aimed to become a GenAI engineer, then, basically, you need to learn the entire development, along with the fundamental concept.
Sunny Savita: If you're aimed to, like, the DevOps engineer only, along with the, AI tool knowledge and all, then, you will have to learn in a different, little different way, okay? But this course, this fundamental course, basically, it's going to be help you in a both way, actually. Got it?
Cloud SRE: Okay, got it. So, you said one more, or…
Cloud SRE: apart from DevOps, you said, what is it? Other.
Sunny Savita: ML Ops, LLM Ops.
Sunny Savita: Sir, in the industry, I never have never ever seen this LLM Ops engineer. Separately, LLM Ops Engineers being hired, or ML Ops Engineers being hired. Those are the DevOps engineer only.
Cloud SRE: Okay, yep.
Sunny Savita: As I told you, 95% work are doing by the DevOps engineer only, 5%, some of the services and all could be here and there, that's it, right?
Cloud SRE: Yep, so apart from MLOps, Telenamot, you said one more thing, January DevOps, and .
Sunny Savita: GenA developer, so that will be the development side, not into the DevOps side, actually, okay?
Sunny Savita: Means, right now, maybe you're… let's say, right now, you're working on a DevOps team, or maybe you are a head DevOps engineer who is responsible for build and to deploy an application, right?
Sunny Savita: But after the gene engineer, you will not do that work. You will build an AI-based application.
Sunny Savita: Right? And then, maybe someone is being… other person is being deployed, or if you're a full-stack engineer, then you might also deploy that, right?
Cloud SRE: Yep, got it.
Sunny Savita: So…
Cloud SRE: Yeah, but thanks.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, fine. I'm closing the session now, thank you, bye-bye, take care. I'll see you in the next class. If any update is there, I'll share in the committee chat.
Sunny Savita: So, thank you, bye, take care, good night, guys.